timestamp8.sim_seconds                                  3.936573                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp8.sim_ticks                                3936573162000                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp8.final_tick                               35129216723500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp8.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp8.host_inst_rate                                1399109                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp8.host_op_rate                                  1418248                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp8.host_tick_rate                              923693791                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp8.host_mem_usage                                 994148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp8.host_seconds                                  4261.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp8.sim_insts                                  5962683069                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp8.sim_ops                                    6044250992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp8.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        65024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    229016832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       136448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    238782208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        67584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    251024896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       142080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    234832128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       107264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    256506624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       129280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    243711488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst       102400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    236321792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       156928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    244429824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total       1935648768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        65024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       136448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        67584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       142080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       107264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       129280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst       102400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       156928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total       907008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks      2568704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total       2568704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       894597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       932743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       980566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       917313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           85                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1001979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       951998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       923132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       954804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total           7561128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks        10034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total            10034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        16518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     58176699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        34662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     60657378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        17168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63767365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        36092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59653947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         5528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        27248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     65159877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        32841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61909554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        26012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     60032364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        39864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     62092031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total           491709080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        34662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        17168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        36092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        27248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        32841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        26012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        39864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         230405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        652523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             652523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        652523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        16518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     58176699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        34662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     60657378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        17168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63767365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        36092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59653947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         5528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        27248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     65159877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        32841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61909554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        26012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     60032364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.itb.walker           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        39864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     62092031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total          492361603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                   7561128                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                    10034                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                60489024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  80272                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM           1935330976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                317792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten               2538784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys            1935648768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys            2568704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                 9931                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                 944                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0         7522618                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1         7677288                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2         7519937                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3         7411494                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4         7617382                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5         7640802                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6         7432868                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7         7656704                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0            6441                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1              56                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2           12186                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3            2945                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4           12647                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6           21175                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             136                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                3936574683000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5            60489024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              80272                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0               6857693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1               6911181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2               6969623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3               7003994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4               7029980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5               7060078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6               7106412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7               7172821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                670404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                621510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10               567286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11               535094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12               510817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13               482590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14               438772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15               375584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                28960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                24417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                20332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                18214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                16565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                14739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                12303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                 9144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                 1718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                 1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                 1429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                 1385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                 1346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                 1327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                 1266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                 1223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                  940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                  828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                  822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                  809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                  801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                  800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                  792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                  785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                  436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                  342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                  323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                  316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                  305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                  285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                  273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                  257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                   32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                   32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                 3001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                 3018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                 3060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                 3088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                 3101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                 3118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                 3145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                 3244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                 3444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                 3448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                 3448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                 3447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                 3448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                 3447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                 3447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                 3448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                 3444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                 3445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                 3402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                 3375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                 3361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                 3344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                 3317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                 3219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                   69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples      7592247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.243245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.581719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.444759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63        10496      0.14%      0.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7256      0.10%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4378      0.06%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159          746      0.01%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4386      0.06%      0.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7252      0.10%      0.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255        10002      0.13%      0.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7547731     99.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total      7592247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean 17587.562664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   822.441443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 48225.796766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         3028     88.05%     88.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.06%     88.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.03%     88.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            3      0.09%     88.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.06%     88.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            4      0.12%     88.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            8      0.23%     88.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.03%     88.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.03%     88.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.03%     88.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.03%     88.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.03%     88.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            2      0.06%     88.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            3      0.09%     88.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.03%     88.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.06%     89.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.03%     89.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            2      0.06%     89.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            2      0.06%     89.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            3      0.09%     89.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            2      0.06%     89.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            1      0.03%     89.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            4      0.12%     89.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            1      0.03%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            4      0.12%     89.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            7      0.20%     89.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            3      0.09%     89.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            5      0.15%     90.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            6      0.17%     90.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           10      0.29%     90.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           14      0.41%     90.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           25      0.73%     91.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           14      0.41%     92.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           25      0.73%     92.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           40      1.16%     93.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           29      0.84%     94.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           26      0.76%     95.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           27      0.79%     96.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           25      0.73%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           33      0.96%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           23      0.67%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           13      0.38%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           15      0.44%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            7      0.20%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            8      0.23%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            2      0.06%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::196608-200703            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total         3439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.069788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.915734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.457507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16            219      6.37%      6.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::17             92      2.68%      9.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18             63      1.83%     10.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19             37      1.08%     11.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::20             25      0.73%     12.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21             33      0.96%     13.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22             61      1.77%     15.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23             98      2.85%     18.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24           2734     79.50%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25             62      1.80%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::29              1      0.03%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32             14      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total         3439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat               1660364460850                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat          2685485087200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat             193533097600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   27453.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              44403.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                     491.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                  491.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits               52900106                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 66077                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                   519943.26                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3302824311700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT  548192540000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          4951022227.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          4855579948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          4938634713.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          4904091561.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0            3339975312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1            3275589648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2            3331618656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3            3308315736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         32584946035.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         31935497817.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         32434133721.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         32232479385.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        19308119.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        32775321.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        60342589.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        41154324.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      74611294176.960007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      74061712434.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      74927352026.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      74641314608.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      1866498353616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      1866980442864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2      1866221109888.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      1866472019904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        2119213080252.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        2118349778800.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        2119121372361.600342                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        2118807556286.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          65.815881                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          65.789070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          65.813033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          65.803287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        39680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    225419520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    235523584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        39680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    247812864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        38144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    231715584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    252734976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        36352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    240519680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    232686336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        41984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    241006336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total       1907706880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        39680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        27648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        39680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        38144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        41984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total       288000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       498432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        498432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       880545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       920014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       968019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       905139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       987246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       939530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       908931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       941431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total           7451980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         1947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             1947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        10080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     57262881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59829597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        10080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     62951418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         9690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     58862258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         6763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     64201773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         9234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61098745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         9625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59108856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     61222369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total           484611057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        10080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         6763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         9234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          73160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        126616                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             126616                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        126616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        10080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     57262881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59829597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        10080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     62951418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         9690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     58862258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         6763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     64201773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         9234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61098745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         9625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59108856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     61222369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total          484737672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                   7451980                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     1947                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                59615840                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  15576                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM           1907304384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                402496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                212544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys            1907706880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             498432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                12578                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                8917                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          136                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0         7570015                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1         7473817                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2         7486534                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3         7177708                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4         7458990                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5         7393061                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6         7524713                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7         7518424                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             361                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             176                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             873                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3            1675                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             375                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             584                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             998                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                3936586314000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5            59615840                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              15576                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0               6770146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1               6821577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2               6878031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3               6904033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4               6928681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5               6957353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6               7012391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7               7078705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                653118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                605722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10               553342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11               529125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12               506018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13               479105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14               427045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15               364004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                26673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                22608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                18667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                16943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                15446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                13716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                10794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                 7554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                  619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                  480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                  344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                  283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                  238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                  206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                  150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                   85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples      7469969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.358078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.831524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.408727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7146      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95         6991      0.09%      0.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4306      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159          643      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4304      0.06%      0.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6988      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6890      0.09%      0.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7432701     99.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total      7469969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean 207965.779720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 15155.497452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 534866.020972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          171     59.79%     59.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143           71     24.83%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215           11      3.85%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            9      3.15%     91.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            5      1.75%     93.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            2      0.70%     94.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            3      1.05%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            1      0.35%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            1      0.35%     95.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            1      0.35%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            2      0.70%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            1      0.35%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.70394e+06            1      0.35%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            2      0.70%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            1      0.35%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.62144e+06            1      0.35%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.75251e+06            1      0.35%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4.32538e+06-4.45645e+06            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4.84966e+06-4.98074e+06            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.223776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.052950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.583129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16             22      7.69%      7.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::17              4      1.40%      9.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18              5      1.75%     10.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              5      1.75%     12.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      1.05%     13.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.05%     14.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::22              4      1.40%     16.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23              4      1.40%     17.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            166     58.04%     75.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::25             70     24.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat               1629682087600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat          2639957378500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat             190730438400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   27342.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              44292.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                     484.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                  484.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       4.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   4.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    32.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits               52134381                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  5554                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                   528122.47                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3314285471950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT  536731379750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          4889906582.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          4758927465.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          4765797388.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          4868990179.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0          3298746504.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1            3210387576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2            3215022048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3            3284636232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         32198667571.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         31332338419.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         31379759923.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         32056845350.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        8425866.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        10511078.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        8707461.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        9278945.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      74080151706.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      73196077438.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      73237938785.279999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      73983489373.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      1866964268064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      1867739771808.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2      1867703051328.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      1867049059584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        2118648347060.159912                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        2117456194551.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        2117518457700.480225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        2118460480430.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          65.798342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          65.761318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          65.763252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          65.792508                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        69888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    225846016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        84480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    235665920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    248365568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       105216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    232477440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    253587200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        86272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    241118720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    233260032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    242136832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total       1913114112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        69888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        84480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        53248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       105216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        66816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        86272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        69632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       120832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total       656384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       908032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        908032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       882211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       920570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       970178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       908115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       990575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       941870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       911172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       945847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total           7473102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         3547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             3547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        17754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     57371223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        21460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59865754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        13526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63091821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        26728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59055791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        16973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     64418262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        21916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61250918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        17688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59254591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        30695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     61509547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total           485984645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        13526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        26728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        16973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        21916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        17688                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        30695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         166740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        230666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             230666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        230666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        17754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     57371223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        21460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59865754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        13526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63091821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        26728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59055791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        16973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     64418262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        21916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61250918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        17688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59254591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        30695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     61509547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total          486215311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                   7473102                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     3547                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                59784816                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  28376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM           1912781888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                332224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                815680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys            1913114112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             908032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                10382                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                2886                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0         7495733                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1         7430992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2         7237948                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3         7321856                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4         7755759                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5         7452144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6         7554122                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7         7525880                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0           21786                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1              96                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2            1232                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3              88                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4            1064                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6            1001                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             103                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                3936573196000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5            59784816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              28376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0               6788918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1               6840433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2               6897151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3               6923362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4               6947885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5               6977024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6               7032203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7               7099360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                655702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                608237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10               555632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11               531149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12               508209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13               480806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14               428505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15               364557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                26759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                22593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                18580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                16904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                15357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                13659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                10846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                 7691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                  694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                  526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                  397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                  336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                  304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                  267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                  204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                  144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                 1106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                 1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                 1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                 1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                 1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                 1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                 1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                 1158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                 1156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                 1156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                 1153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                 1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                 1141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                 1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                 1125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples      7494881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.320607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.751598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.755949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8096      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7189      0.10%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4354      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159          651      0.01%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4351      0.06%      0.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7159      0.10%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7573      0.10%      0.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7455508     99.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total      7494881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean 51449.786332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  5521.263330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 71455.499551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          742     64.19%     64.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            7      0.61%     64.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.09%     64.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            3      0.26%     65.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            3      0.26%     65.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            4      0.35%     65.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.09%     65.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            3      0.26%     66.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            2      0.17%     66.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.17%     66.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.09%     66.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            3      0.26%     66.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.09%     66.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            2      0.17%     67.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.17%     67.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.17%     67.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.09%     67.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            5      0.43%     67.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            4      0.35%     68.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            3      0.26%     68.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            3      0.26%     68.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            2      0.17%     68.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            5      0.43%     69.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            5      0.43%     69.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            6      0.52%     70.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            9      0.78%     71.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            9      0.78%     71.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            5      0.43%     72.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           15      1.30%     73.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           22      1.90%     75.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359            9      0.78%     76.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           30      2.60%     78.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           37      3.20%     82.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           31      2.68%     84.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           25      2.16%     86.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           31      2.68%     89.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           30      2.60%     92.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           25      2.16%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           16      1.38%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           17      1.47%     97.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           12      1.04%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            8      0.69%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            6      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            5      0.43%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::196608-200703            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total         1156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.050173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    21.757635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.383317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16            195     16.87%     16.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::17             72      6.23%     23.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18             18      1.56%     24.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19             13      1.12%     25.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::20             14      1.21%     26.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21              9      0.78%     27.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22             12      1.04%     28.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::23             68      5.88%     34.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            604     52.25%     86.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::25            150     12.98%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total         1156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat               1634534212050                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat          2647710868350                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat             191278188800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   27345.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              44295.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                     485.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                  485.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits               52283847                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                 21196                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                   526515.72                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3311611618750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT  539403651450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          4836469478.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1            4717999440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          4928579308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          4896434188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0          3262697664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1            3182777400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2            3324835248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3            3303150048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         31814158771.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1          31066134528                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2          32455395648                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3          32240839488                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        25788948.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        8518348.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        8029393.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        8285276.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      73896424490.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      72885100066.559998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      74359932549.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      74149138797.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0      1867125432288.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      1868012558976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      1866718846272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      1866903753072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        2118169152407.040283                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        2117081269525.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        2119003799185.920166                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        2118709781636.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          65.783460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          65.749674                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          65.809382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          65.800250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        45568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    223963136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        56832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    233660160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       211968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    246169600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        46848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    230708992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        44032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    251362304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        45312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    238894080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        44032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    231597568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        48128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    239649536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total       1896548096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        45568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        56832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       211968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        46848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        44032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        45312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        44032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        48128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total       542720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks      1590272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total       1590272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       874856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       912735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       961600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       901207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       981884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       933180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       904678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       936131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total           7408391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         6212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             6212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        11576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     56892918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        14437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59356235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        53846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     62533983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        11901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     58606555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        11185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63853076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        11511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60685797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        11185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     58832278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     60877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total           481776413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        53846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        11901                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        11185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        11511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        11185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         137866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        403974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             403974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        403974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        11576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     56892918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        14437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59356235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        53846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     62533983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        11901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     58606555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        11185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63853076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        11511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60685797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        11185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     58832278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     60877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total          482180386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                   7408391                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     6212                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                59267128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  49696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM           1896213920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                334176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten               1536832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys            1896548096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys            1590272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                10443                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                1654                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0         7358616                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1         7454849                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2         7400048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3         7307534                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4         7385555                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5         7474569                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6         7367824                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7         7507690                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             111                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3            6325                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4           22796                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5            3340                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7           11958                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                3936574349000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5            59267128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              49696                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0               6732387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1               6782840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2               6838443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3               6863832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4               6888125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5               6916405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6               6971002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7               7037288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                645229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                598823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10               547200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11               523604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12               500837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13               474219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14               422565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15               359471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                26767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                22862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                19019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                17307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                15828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                14239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                11363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                 8239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                 1511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                 1375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                 1267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                 1219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                 1187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                 1133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                 1078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                 1027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                  787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                  707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                  688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                  672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                  657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                  647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                  645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                  633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                  472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                  387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                  355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                  345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                  339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                  333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                  321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                  311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                  228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                   54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                 1780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                 1786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                 1798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                 1826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                 1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                 1849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                 1861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                 1978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                 2099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                 2105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                 2106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                 2106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                 2106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                 2106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                 2106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                 2107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                 2103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                 2102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                 2088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                 2061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                 2051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                 2038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                 2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                 1911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                  107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples      7433723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.289409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.680838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.047351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9018      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7127      0.10%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4256      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159          590      0.01%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4266      0.06%      0.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7104      0.10%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8539      0.11%      0.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7392823     99.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total      7433723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean 28144.757027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1727.317839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 58214.907491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1696     80.80%     80.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.05%     80.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            3      0.14%     80.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            3      0.14%     81.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.10%     81.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.05%     81.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.05%     81.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.05%     81.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            3      0.14%     81.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.10%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.05%     81.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            2      0.10%     81.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.05%     81.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.10%     81.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            3      0.14%     82.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.05%     82.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.05%     82.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            2      0.10%     82.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.05%     82.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            1      0.05%     82.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            6      0.29%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            2      0.10%     82.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            5      0.24%     82.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            5      0.24%     83.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           11      0.52%     83.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            5      0.24%     83.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            8      0.38%     84.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           13      0.62%     84.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           19      0.91%     85.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           17      0.81%     86.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           18      0.86%     87.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           37      1.76%     89.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           34      1.62%     90.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           27      1.29%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           28      1.33%     93.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           31      1.48%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           24      1.14%     96.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           24      1.14%     97.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           20      0.95%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           10      0.48%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           13      0.62%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            5      0.24%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            7      0.33%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::196608-200703            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total         2099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.880419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.701893                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.648541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16            142      6.77%      6.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::17            106      5.05%     11.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18             24      1.14%     12.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19             34      1.62%     14.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::20             16      0.76%     15.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21             36      1.72%     17.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22             21      1.00%     18.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::23             99      4.72%     22.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24           1521     72.46%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25             92      4.38%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.05%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      0.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total         2099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat               1624779893650                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat          2629180704400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat             189621392000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   27419.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              44369.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                     481.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                  481.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       4.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   4.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits               51831062                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 39926                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                   530921.80                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3314885915850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT  536130935850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          4791104035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          4773870259.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2            4815626256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          4800909052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0            3232093992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1            3220468032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2            3248636760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3            3238708488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         31549101043.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         31426141593.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         31647643123.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         31592828467.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        8629493.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        15167139.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        41144371.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        22314424.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0       73386264240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      73304845695.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      74021453726.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      73569577279.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      1867572941280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      1867644361056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      1867015757520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      1867412140368.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        2117748314850.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        2117593034542.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        2117998442522.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        2117844658846.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          65.770390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          65.765568                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          65.778158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          65.773382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       102912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    226192640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       101376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    236011520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       251136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    248313088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        93440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    232537344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       106752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    253698560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        93184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    240820992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        91392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    233595392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       101376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    241838848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total       1913949952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       102912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       101376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       251136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        93440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       106752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        93184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        91392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       101376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total       941568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks      1725184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total       1725184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       883565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       921920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       969973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       908349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       991010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       940707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       912482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       944683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total           7476367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         6739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             6739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        26143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     57459275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        25752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59953546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        63796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63078489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        23736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59071008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        27118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     64446550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        23671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61175287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        23216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59339782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        25752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     61433851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total           486196972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        26143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        63796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        23736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        27118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        23671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        23216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        25752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         239185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        438245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             438245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        438245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        26143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     57459275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        25752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59953546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        63796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63078489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        23736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59071008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        27118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     64446550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        23671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61175287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        23216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59339782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        25752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     61433851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total          486635217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                   7476367                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     6739                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                59810936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  53912                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM           1913624736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                325216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten               1671488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys            1913949952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys            1725184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                10163                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                1661                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           49                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0         7557395                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1         7311400                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2         7651839                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3         7383236                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4         7541535                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5         7435168                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6         7353868                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7         7566332                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0           23571                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1              96                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2           24053                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             664                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5              96                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             633                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7            3041                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                3936587148000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5            59810936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              53912                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0               6789769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1               6841269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2               6898019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3               6924108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4               6948889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5               6978103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6               7033060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7               7101164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                657391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                609791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10               557274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11               533013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12               509864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13               482401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14               430400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15               365645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                27379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                23394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                19266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                17500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                15932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                14232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                11327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                 8044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                  786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                  602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                  479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                  415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                  353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                  305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                  247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                  192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                 1900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                 1914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                 1921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                 1944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                 1955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                 1983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                 2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                 2159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                 2300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                 2303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                 2304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                 2304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                 2303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                 2302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                 2302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                 2302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                 2299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                 2298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                 2291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                 2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                 2258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                 2233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                 2205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                 2064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                  121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples      7502838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.276233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.654065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.157007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9376      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7298      0.10%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4260      0.06%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159          676      0.01%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4268      0.06%      0.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7272      0.10%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8925      0.12%      0.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7460763     99.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total      7502838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean 25965.545732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1519.570066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 56906.233770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1895     82.53%     82.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            7      0.30%     82.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.04%     82.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.09%     82.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.04%     83.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            1      0.04%     83.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.04%     83.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            3      0.13%     83.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.04%     83.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.04%     83.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.04%     83.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.04%     83.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            2      0.09%     83.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.04%     83.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.04%     83.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.04%     83.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            4      0.17%     83.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            3      0.13%     83.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            1      0.04%     83.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            4      0.17%     84.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            3      0.13%     84.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            3      0.13%     84.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            5      0.22%     84.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            8      0.35%     84.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            8      0.35%     85.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           12      0.52%     85.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           16      0.70%     86.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           20      0.87%     87.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           13      0.57%     87.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           27      1.18%     89.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           43      1.87%     91.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           29      1.26%     92.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           27      1.18%     93.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           34      1.48%     94.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           29      1.26%     96.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           21      0.91%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           24      1.05%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           12      0.52%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           15      0.65%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            5      0.22%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            7      0.30%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            2      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::196608-200703            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total         2296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.750000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.558652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.744335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16            170      7.40%      7.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::17            122      5.31%     12.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18             36      1.57%     14.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19             49      2.13%     16.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::20             17      0.74%     17.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21             35      1.52%     18.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::22             31      1.35%     20.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::23            132      5.75%     25.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24           1593     69.38%     95.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::25            102      4.44%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::30              1      0.04%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total         2296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat               1636947804050                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat          2650570906400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat             191362473600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   27373.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              44323.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                     486.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                  486.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       4.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits               52306762                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 43407                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                   526063.26                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3309868160700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT  541148691000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0            4829533632                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1            4893896448                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          4841001244.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          4846856313.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0            3258018720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1            3301438080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2            3265754808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3            3269704656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         31744986124.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         32165518694.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         31878856089.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3          31905057600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0            40798080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        41463705.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        7618406.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        17577492.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      74021985659.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      74523716622.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      73750593830.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      73822384172.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      1867015290912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      1866575176032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      1867253353920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      1867190379936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        2118118793894.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        2118709390348.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        2118205359065.279785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        2118260140936.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          65.781896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          65.800238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          65.784585                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          65.786286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        42240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    224113152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    233438464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    245932800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        36352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    230396672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        30720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    251566336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        28160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    238793472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    231315712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        65536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    239273472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total       1895275520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        42240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        24320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        28416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        28160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total       239104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       821760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        821760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           84                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       875442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       911869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       960675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       899987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           64                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       982681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       932787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       903577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       934662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total           7403420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         3210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             3210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        10730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     56931027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59299918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         7218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     62473829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         9234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     58527217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         7804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         4162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63904906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60660240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         7414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     58760679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        16648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     60782173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total           481453143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         4162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         7414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          60739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        208750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             208750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        208750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        10730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     56931027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59299918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         7218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     62473829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         9234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     58527217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         7804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         4162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63904906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60660240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         7414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     58760679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        16648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     60782173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total          481661893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                   7403420                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     3210                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                59227360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  25680                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM           1894958304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                317216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                701056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys            1895275520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             821760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                 9913                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                3773                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0         7330472                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1         7674942                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2         7266816                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3         7313063                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4         7376940                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5         7554813                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6         7298808                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7         7401593                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             128                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            3161                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2              40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3            5976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5            3332                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             184                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7            9007                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                3936550246000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5            59227360                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              25680                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0               6731620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1               6782360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2               6838501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3               6864275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4               6888656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5               6916851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6               6970907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7               7036620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                642801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                596209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10               544179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11               520100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12               497245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13               470688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14               419467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15               356861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                26366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                22332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                18352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                16704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                15221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                13618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                10833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                 7775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                  962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                  819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                  690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                  644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                  600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                  565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                  515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                  469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                  366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                  277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                  269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                  266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                  266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                  266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                  265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                  263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                  253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                  141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                  133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                  133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                  128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples      7424202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.335100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.778197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.641659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7836      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7002      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4205      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159          627      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4203      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6989      0.09%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7277      0.10%      0.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7386063     99.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total      7424202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean 62445.699894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  8894.251345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 74427.235840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          536     56.84%     56.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            6      0.64%     57.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.11%     57.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            3      0.32%     57.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.11%     58.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            1      0.11%     58.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            2      0.21%     58.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            3      0.32%     58.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.11%     58.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.21%     58.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            2      0.21%     59.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.11%     59.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            3      0.32%     59.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.11%     59.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.11%     59.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.21%     60.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            2      0.21%     60.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            3      0.32%     60.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.11%     60.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.11%     60.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            4      0.42%     61.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            1      0.11%     61.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            3      0.32%     61.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            8      0.85%     62.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            3      0.32%     62.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            8      0.85%     63.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            4      0.42%     64.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            7      0.74%     64.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           13      1.38%     66.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           20      2.12%     68.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           17      1.80%     70.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           16      1.70%     71.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           33      3.50%     75.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           31      3.29%     78.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           37      3.92%     82.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           18      1.91%     84.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           26      2.76%     87.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           33      3.50%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           22      2.33%     93.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           21      2.23%     95.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           16      1.70%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           11      1.17%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            8      0.85%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            5      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            4      0.42%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::196608-200703            1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.232238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.066334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.543494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16             63      6.68%      6.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17             30      3.18%      9.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18             13      1.38%     11.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19              8      0.85%     12.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::20              5      0.53%     12.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              9      0.95%     13.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              6      0.64%     14.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23             36      3.82%     18.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            577     61.19%     79.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::25            195     20.68%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat               1619086978250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat          2622822704900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat             189495830400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   27341.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              44291.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                     481.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                  481.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       4.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   4.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits               51796879                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                 18274                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                   531490.06                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3316653059800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT  534363791900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          4867734009.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1            4708374048                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          4855556361.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          4776916636.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0            3283788816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1            3176284080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2            3275573736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3            3222523128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         32054366822.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         30998621222.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         31967696716.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         31437910233.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0             8553600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        11977528.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        11899146.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        15034014.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      73919525195.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      72838410171.839996                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      73875341039.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      73439194950.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0      1867105168512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      1868053515024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2      1867143926544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      1867526510832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        2118447317721.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        2116995362840.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        2118338174309.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        2117626270561.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          65.792099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          65.747006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          65.788709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          65.766600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       124928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    229000448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       113152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    238700032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       284928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    251137536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       130816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    235374592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       118016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    256286464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       125184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    243723264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst       123392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    236247296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       133376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    244499968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total       1936230912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       124928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       113152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       284928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       130816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       118016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       125184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst       123392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       133376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total      1153792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks      1947136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total       1947136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       894533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       932422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       981006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       919432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1001119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       952044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       922841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       955078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total           7563402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         7606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             7606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        31735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     58172537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        28744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     60636503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        72380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63795978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        33231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59791748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        29979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     65103950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        31800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61912545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        31345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     60013440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        33881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     62109850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total           491856961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        31735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        28744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        72380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        33231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        29979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        31800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        31345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        33881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         293096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        494627                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             494627                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        494627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        31735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     58172537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        28744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     60636503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        72380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63795978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        33231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59791748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        29979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     65103950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        31800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61912545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        31345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     60013440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        33881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     62109850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total          492351588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                   7563402                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     7606                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                60507216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  60848                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM           1935903104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                327808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten               1909568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys            1936230912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys            1947136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                10244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                1166                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          278                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0         7666375                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1         7496699                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2         7448085                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3         7600761                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4         7561007                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5         7688944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6         7506960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7         7528141                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0           23562                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1           23442                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2            3090                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3            6203                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4            3065                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7              56                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                3936573196000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5            60507216                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              60848                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0               6860568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1               6913667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2               6971514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3               6998198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4               7023554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5               7053093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6               7109190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7               7177095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                671131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                622362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10               568789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11               544000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12               520207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13               492461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14               439433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15               374817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                28506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                24208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                20056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                18221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                16704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                14967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                12026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                 8797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                 1412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                 1218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                 1092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                 1031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                  988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                  940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                  843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                  774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                  459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                  408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                  399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                  398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                  395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                  389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                  371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                  368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                  275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                  192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                  186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                  184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                  183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                  182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                  179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                  176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                 2190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                 2203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                 2239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                 2250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                 2262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                 2292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                 2316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                 2459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                 2624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                 2629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                 2630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                 2629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                 2629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                 2626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                 2626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                 2626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                 2619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                 2618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                 2582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                 2572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                 2561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                 2534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                 2510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                 2367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                   89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples      7591101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.274258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.648072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.180530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9616      0.13%      0.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7371      0.10%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4218      0.06%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159          750      0.01%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4220      0.06%      0.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7370      0.10%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255         9134      0.12%      0.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7548422     99.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total      7591101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean 23015.964463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1195.955926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 54518.580534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         2222     84.91%     84.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.04%     84.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.08%     85.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            1      0.04%     85.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.04%     85.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            3      0.11%     85.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.04%     85.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            2      0.08%     85.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.04%     85.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            2      0.08%     85.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.04%     85.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.08%     85.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.08%     85.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.04%     85.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.04%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            3      0.11%     85.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            4      0.15%     85.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            3      0.11%     86.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            1      0.04%     86.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            3      0.11%     86.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            4      0.15%     86.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            4      0.15%     86.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            7      0.27%     86.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            7      0.27%     87.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            8      0.31%     87.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           14      0.53%     87.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           22      0.84%     88.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359            9      0.34%     89.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           25      0.96%     90.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           43      1.64%     91.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           26      0.99%     92.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           34      1.30%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           25      0.96%     94.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           29      1.11%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           32      1.22%     97.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           18      0.69%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           16      0.61%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           11      0.42%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415           12      0.46%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            9      0.34%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            4      0.15%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::200704-204799            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total         2617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.802446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.614696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.714559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16            206      7.87%      7.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17            111      4.24%     12.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18             54      2.06%     14.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19             30      1.15%     15.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::20             22      0.84%     16.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21             30      1.15%     17.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::22             49      1.87%     19.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23            125      4.78%     23.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24           1901     72.64%     96.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::25             77      2.94%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::26              1      0.04%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.04%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      0.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total         2617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat               1660537033000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat          2685960708400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat             193590310400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   27448.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              44398.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                     491.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                  491.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits               52915947                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 49598                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                   519953.64                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3303510853300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT  547504416900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0            4938509520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1            4889726352                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2            4929531264                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          4856663145.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0            3331534200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1            3298624920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2            3325477440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3            3276320376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         32393500838.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1          32181953856                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         32462471308.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         31981717747.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        77837552.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        21302507.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        8191964.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        7046922.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      75208590993.599991                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      74110295695.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      74377958192.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      73874618570.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      1865974409040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      1866937825968.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      1866703034304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      1867144560288.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        2119132562910.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        2118647910065.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        2119014845239.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        2118349107816.000488                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          65.813381                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          65.798329                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          65.809725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          65.789049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       126976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    226144000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        93952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    235776768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        44544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    248199168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        75520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    232666880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        79104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    253328640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        83456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    240782848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst       105984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    233399296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        93440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    242008832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total       1913022464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       126976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        93952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        44544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        75520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        79104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        83456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst       105984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        93440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total       702976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks      1752576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total       1752576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       883375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       921003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       969528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       908855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       989565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       940558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       911716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       945347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total           7472744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         6846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             6846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        32255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     57446919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        23866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59893912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        11315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63049550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        19184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59103914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        20095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     64352580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        21200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61165597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        26923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59289968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        23736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     61477031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total           485961364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        32255                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        19184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        20095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        21200                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        26923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        23736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         178576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        445203                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             445203                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        445203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        32255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     57446919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        23866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59893912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        11315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63049550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        19184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59103914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        20095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     64352580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        21200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61165597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        26923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59289968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.itb.walker           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        23736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     61477031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total          486406568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                   7472744                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     6846                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                59781952                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  54768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM           1912687200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                335264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten               1709376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys            1913022464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys            1752576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                10477                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                1350                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          326                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0         7321584                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1         7434548                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2         7657279                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3         7260866                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4         7612297                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5         7595903                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6         7425846                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7         7463152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1           23487                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2           26411                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3            3000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4              96                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             184                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6              88                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                3936573196000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5            59781952                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              54768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0               6789204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1               6840506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2               6896652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3               6922651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4               6947105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5               6975726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6               7031830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7               7098797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                653811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                606593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10               554575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11               530398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12               507468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13               480482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14               427262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15               363530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                26735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                22582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                18546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                16781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                15287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                13672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                10860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                 7774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                  937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                  802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                  698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                  639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                  610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                  588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                  539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                  539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                  380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                  382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                  378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                  380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                  379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                  381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                  402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                  400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                  340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                  313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                  311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                  311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                  308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                  309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                  337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                  259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                  214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                  180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                  180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                  178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                  178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                  176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                  150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                   50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                 1941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                 1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                 1969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                 1976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                 1985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                 2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                 2060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                 2212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                 2357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                 2360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                 2361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                 2359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                 2359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                 2357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                 2357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                 2357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                 2354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                 2354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                 2338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                 2334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                 2325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                 2293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                 2254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                 2104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                   77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples      7499301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.276669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.657141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.143710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9318      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7174      0.10%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4360      0.06%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159          795      0.01%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4353      0.06%      0.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7168      0.10%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8870      0.12%      0.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7457263     99.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total      7499301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean 25296.066327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1378.900178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 56028.085546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1947     82.78%     82.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            3      0.13%     82.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            3      0.13%     83.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.09%     83.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.04%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.04%     83.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            6      0.26%     83.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            2      0.09%     83.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            2      0.09%     83.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.04%     83.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            2      0.09%     83.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.04%     83.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            3      0.13%     83.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.04%     83.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            4      0.17%     84.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.04%     84.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            5      0.21%     84.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            1      0.04%     84.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            5      0.21%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            5      0.21%     84.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            3      0.13%     84.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            5      0.21%     85.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            6      0.26%     85.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            9      0.38%     85.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           15      0.64%     86.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           17      0.72%     87.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           18      0.77%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           13      0.55%     88.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           30      1.28%     89.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           44      1.87%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           24      1.02%     92.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           30      1.28%     93.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           31      1.32%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           25      1.06%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           25      1.06%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           19      0.81%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           13      0.55%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           12      0.51%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            7      0.30%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            7      0.30%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            2      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::196608-200703            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total         2352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.711735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.516438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.769813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16            179      7.61%      7.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::17            137      5.82%     13.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18             43      1.83%     15.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19             30      1.28%     16.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::20             17      0.72%     17.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21             28      1.19%     18.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22             41      1.74%     20.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::23            140      5.95%     26.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24           1659     70.54%     96.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::25             68      2.89%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::28              1      0.04%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.04%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      0.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total         2352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat               1638821319750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat          2651947821000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat             191268720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   27418.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              44368.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                     485.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                  485.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    30.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits               52281218                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 44374                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                   526308.69                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3309978796500                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT  541036473700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          4802861347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          4852624291.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          4933281628.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          4820277772.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0            3240025512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1            3273595752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2            3328007448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3            3251774688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0          31567353792                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         31874757657.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         32487719846.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         31743050726.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        40927472.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        54742210.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        7007109.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        6950707.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      73835629804.800003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      74262866929.919998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      74391905062.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      73615925174.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      1867178760960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      1866803991552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      1866690800208.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3      1867371484320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        2117873739654.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        2118330759159.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        2119046902068.480225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        2118017644154.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          65.774286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          65.788479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          65.810720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          65.778755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       106240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    230163200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       126208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    239691264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        78848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    252258304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       121088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    236692992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       129024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    257654272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       118272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    244948480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst       112896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    237182720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        32000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       148992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    245689856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total       1945325312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       106240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        78848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       121088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       129024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       118272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst       112896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       148992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total       941568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks      1833216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total       1833216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       899075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       936294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       985384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       924582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1006462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       956830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       926495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       959726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total           7598927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         7161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             7161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        26988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     58467909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        32060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     60888304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        20030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     64080685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        30760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     60126659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        32776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     65451412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        30044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     62223784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        28679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     60251064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         8129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        37848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     62412115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total           494167194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        26988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        32060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        20030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        30760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        32776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        30044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        28679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        37848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         239185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        465688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             465688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        465688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        26988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     58467909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        32060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     60888304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        20030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     64080685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        30760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     60126659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        32776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     65451412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        30044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     62223784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        28679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     60251064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         8129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        37848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     62412115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total          494632882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                   7598927                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     7161                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                60791416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  57288                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM           1944997216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                328096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten               1792192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys            1945325312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys            1833216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                10253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                1265                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          280                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0         7838853                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1         7364664                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2         7776764                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3         7764393                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4         7281903                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5         7695530                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6         7588186                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7         7470870                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0           23946                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2           24275                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3            3070                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             712                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5              96                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             695                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            3068                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                3936587604000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5            60791416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              57288                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0               6887668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1               6940961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2               6999985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3               7027060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4               7052509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5               7082177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6               7138430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7               7207362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                678872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                630007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10               575241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11               549987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12               526221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13               498362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14               445184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15               379657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                28787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                24396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                20283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                18543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                16915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                15193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                12205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                 8876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                 1429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                 1222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                 1079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                 1016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                  961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                  882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                  804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                  732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                  485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                  501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                  489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                  479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                  471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                  467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                  454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                  450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                  505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                  414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                  410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                  406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                  405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                  402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                  400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                  398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                  172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                  124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                 2043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                 2056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                 2072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                 2085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                 2093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                 2122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                 2151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                 2307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                 2465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                 2471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                 2471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                 2471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                 2470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                 2470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                 2469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                 2469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                 2467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                 2464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                 2448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                 2435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                 2428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                 2401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                 2373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                 2219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                   96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples      7626425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.268938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.643492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.201101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9518      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7475      0.10%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4493      0.06%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159          700      0.01%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4495      0.06%      0.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7467      0.10%      0.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255         9071      0.12%      0.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7583206     99.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total      7626425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean 24646.118101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1325.954946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 56132.621971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         2057     83.48%     83.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            4      0.16%     83.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.04%     83.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.08%     83.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.08%     83.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.08%     83.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            4      0.16%     84.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            3      0.12%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            3      0.12%     84.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.04%     84.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.04%     84.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.04%     84.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.04%     84.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.04%     84.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            3      0.12%     84.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.04%     84.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            2      0.08%     84.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.04%     84.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.04%     84.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            3      0.12%     84.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            2      0.08%     85.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            1      0.04%     85.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            5      0.20%     85.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            2      0.08%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            5      0.20%     85.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            9      0.37%     85.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            7      0.28%     86.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            7      0.28%     86.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           13      0.53%     87.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           17      0.69%     87.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           16      0.65%     88.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           22      0.89%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           38      1.54%     90.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           34      1.38%     92.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           28      1.14%     93.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           33      1.34%     94.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           25      1.01%     95.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           27      1.10%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           20      0.81%     97.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           21      0.85%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           14      0.57%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415           10      0.41%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            5      0.20%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            7      0.28%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::196608-200703            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::200704-204799            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total         2464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.729708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.537489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.743759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16            192      7.79%      7.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17            128      5.19%     12.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18             44      1.79%     14.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19             40      1.62%     16.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::20             14      0.57%     16.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21             37      1.50%     18.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22             34      1.38%     19.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::23            136      5.52%     25.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24           1752     71.10%     96.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::25             80      3.25%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              6      0.24%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total         2464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat               1669498218250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat          2699738931100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat             194499721600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   27467.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              44417.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                     494.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                  494.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       4.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   4.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.59                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits               53164199                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 46545                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                   517557.46                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3301342537900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT  549674313800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0            4927550544                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          5072021539.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          4856776243.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3            4919600448                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0            3324141240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1            3421601832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2            3276396672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3            3318778080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         32385913497.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         33324869260.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         31981878988.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         32379572659.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        42924764.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        52750310.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        8028979.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        16490926.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      74747654009.279999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      75782496980.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      73874750281.919998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      74407359084.479996                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      1866378739728.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1      1865470982736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      1867144444752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      1866677244048.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        2119015104549.120361                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        2120332903424.639893                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        2118350456683.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        2118927226011.840332                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          65.809733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          65.850659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          65.789091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          65.807003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        48128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    225067264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    234945280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       600576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    247605760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    231849984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        37632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    252983296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    239965184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        37632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    232534784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    240929536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total       1906785280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        48128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       600576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        37632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        43264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        37632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        53248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total       903936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       941056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        941056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       879169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       917755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         2346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       967210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       905664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       988216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       937364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       908339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       941131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total           7448380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         3676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             3676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        12226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     57173398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         8649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59682691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       152563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     62898808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        12551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     58896399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         9560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     64264853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        10990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60957888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         9560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59070357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     61202860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total           484376944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       152563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         9560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        10990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         229625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        239055                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             239055                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        239055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        12226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     57173398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         8649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59682691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       152563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     62898808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        12551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     58896399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         9560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     64264853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        10990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60957888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         9560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59070357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     61202860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total          484615999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                   7448380                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     3676                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                59587040                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  29408                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM           1906457696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                327584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                852576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys            1906785280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             941056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                10237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                2772                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0         7477370                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1         7328416                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2         7381504                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3         7711888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4         7345840                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5         7464736                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6         7387009                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7         7480040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0           21919                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2            1448                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             128                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4            1413                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             391                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6            1160                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                3936577087000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5            59587040                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              29408                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0               6768721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1               6819828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2               6876057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3               6902068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4               6926828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5               6955289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6               7010729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7               7076547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                651151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                604092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10               551936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11               527763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12               504640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13               477863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14               425406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15               362767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                26761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                22625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                18666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                16896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                15296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                13648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                10750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                 7610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                  677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                  520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                  391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                  341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                  303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                  254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                  188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                  134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                 1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                 1173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                 1207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                 1207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                 1208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                 1208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                 1208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                 1208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                 1209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                 1211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                 1211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                 1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                 1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                 1194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                 1189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                 1178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples      7470334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.317938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.747153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.775175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8071      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7243      0.10%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4343      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159          628      0.01%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4346      0.06%      0.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7217      0.10%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7572      0.10%      0.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7430914     99.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total      7470334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean 49069.777318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  4759.471291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 70983.680259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191          806     66.72%     66.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            3      0.25%     66.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            4      0.33%     67.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            3      0.25%     67.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32768-40959            3      0.25%     67.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            2      0.17%     67.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::49152-57343            6      0.50%     68.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.08%     68.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::65536-73727            5      0.41%     68.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::73728-81919            1      0.08%     69.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::81920-90111            4      0.33%     69.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::90112-98303            6      0.50%     69.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::98304-106495            4      0.33%     70.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::106496-114687            9      0.75%     70.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::114688-122879           10      0.83%     71.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::122880-131071           21      1.74%     73.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263           31      2.57%     76.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::139264-147455           42      3.48%     79.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::147456-155647           75      6.21%     85.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::155648-163839           57      4.72%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::163840-172031           47      3.89%     94.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::172032-180223           36      2.98%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::180224-188415           18      1.49%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::188416-196607           12      0.99%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::278528-286719            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total         1208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.055464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    21.769694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.343034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16            196     16.23%     16.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17             70      5.79%     22.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18             37      3.06%     25.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19              7      0.58%     25.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20             11      0.91%     26.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::21              7      0.58%     27.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22             13      1.08%     28.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23             85      7.04%     35.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            648     53.64%     88.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::25            132     10.93%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::26              1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total         1208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat               1629338179950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat          2639164990800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat             190645769600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   27348.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              44298.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                     484.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                  484.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       4.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   4.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits               52110987                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                 22125                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                   528253.83                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3313287038000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT  537729813700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          4793711932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1            4892750352                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2            4816905408                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3            4833449712                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0            3233853288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1            3300664920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2            3249499680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3            3260660520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0          31532182656                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1          32217407040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         31716869683.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         31826499993.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        26313154.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        8866713.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        9158676.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        8095334.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      73614675314.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      74100849163.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      73589648411.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      73706552000.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      1867372580688.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      1866946112400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      1867394534112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      1867291987104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        2117781497800.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        2118674831354.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        2117984796737.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        2118135425430.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          65.771421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          65.799165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          65.777735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          65.782413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       144384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    229225984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       169472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    238642432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       229888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    251516416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       175872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    235905536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       167680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    256834304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       171520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    243981824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst       154624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    236268800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       164096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    245130240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total       1938957056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       144384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       169472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       229888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       175872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       167680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       171520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst       154624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       164096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total      1377536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks      1797888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total       1797888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       895414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       932197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       982486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       921506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1003259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       953054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       922925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       957540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total           7574051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         7023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             7023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        36678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     58229829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        43051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     60621871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        58398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63892224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        44676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59926623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        42595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     65243117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        43571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61978227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        39279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     60018902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        41685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     62269957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total           492549478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        36678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        43051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        58398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        44676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        42595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        43571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        39279                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        41685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         349933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        456714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             456714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        456714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        36678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     58229829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        43051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     60621871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        58398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63892224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        44676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59926623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        42595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     65243117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        43571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61978227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        39279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     60018902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        41685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     62269957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total          493006192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                   7574051                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     7023                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                60592408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  56184                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM           1938619808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                337248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten               1750208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys            1938957056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys            1797888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                10539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                1481                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           15                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0         7417224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1         7657570                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2         7285208                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3         7513539                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4         7316271                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5         7934583                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6         7649059                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7         7808415                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             368                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1           26045                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3            9451                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4            3144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5            3474                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7           12036                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                3936569135000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5            60592408                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              56184                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0               6869551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1               6922512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2               6980419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3               7006981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4               7031907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5               7061502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6               7118432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7               7186303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                671921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                623330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10               569699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11               544980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12               521658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13               493873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14               439992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15               375515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                28396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                24148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                20017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                18238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                16695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                14939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                11946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                 8612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                 1519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                 1382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                 1237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                 1176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                 1128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                 1078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                 1018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                  959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                  844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                  727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                  724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                  723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                  709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                  707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                  708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                  708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                  574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                  443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                  438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                  438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                  439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                  437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                  435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                  436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                  249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                  155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                  152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                  151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                  149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                  148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                  148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                  145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                 2047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                 2055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                 2066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                 2084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                 2094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                 2108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                 2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                 2250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                 2379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                 2387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                 2387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                 2387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                 2387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                 2387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                 2385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                 2385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                 2385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                 2385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                 2374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                 2356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                 2346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                 2333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                 2317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                 2195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                   98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples      7601052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.276509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.655343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.151014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9493      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7298      0.10%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4413      0.06%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159          671      0.01%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4413      0.06%      0.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7299      0.10%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255         9028      0.12%      0.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7558437     99.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total      7601052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean 25389.947987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1402.125117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 56396.846174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1973     82.76%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            3      0.13%     82.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.08%     82.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.08%     83.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            4      0.17%     83.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            4      0.17%     83.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.08%     83.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            2      0.08%     83.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.04%     83.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.04%     83.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            2      0.08%     83.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            2      0.08%     83.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            4      0.17%     83.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.04%     84.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            3      0.13%     84.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            3      0.13%     84.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.04%     84.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            1      0.04%     84.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            5      0.21%     84.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            2      0.08%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            4      0.17%     84.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            3      0.13%     84.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            4      0.17%     85.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            5      0.21%     85.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            8      0.34%     85.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           10      0.42%     86.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            6      0.25%     86.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           16      0.67%     87.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           22      0.92%     87.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           11      0.46%     88.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           20      0.84%     89.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           45      1.89%     91.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           28      1.17%     92.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           34      1.43%     93.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           27      1.13%     94.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           23      0.96%     95.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           31      1.30%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           18      0.76%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           16      0.67%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           12      0.50%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            8      0.34%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511           10      0.42%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            3      0.13%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::196608-200703            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::200704-204799            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total         2384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.942114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.778354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.520583                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16            152      6.38%      6.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17            110      4.61%     10.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18             25      1.05%     12.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19             33      1.38%     13.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20             16      0.67%     14.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21             32      1.34%     15.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22             23      0.96%     16.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23            116      4.87%     21.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24           1790     75.08%     96.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::25             85      3.57%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total         2384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat               1662740288050                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat          2689602967600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat             193861980800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   27446.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              44396.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                     492.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                  492.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       4.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    30.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits               52990023                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 45488                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                   519262.72                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3303158244350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT  547858607350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          4903540588.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1            4812408720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2            4937109408                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          5018602579.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0            3307944048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1            3246466200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2            3330589680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3            3385565232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         32224829145.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         31675450060.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         32498916902.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3          33026570304                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        40864849.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        18696821.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        15711252.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        22894617.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      74673078583.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      73605067413.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      74465008902.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3       75086875656                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      1866444156768.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      1867381008672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      1866626674032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      1866081176880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        2118802594750.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        2117947278653.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        2119082190943.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        2119829866034.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          65.803133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          65.776569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          65.811816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          65.835037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       115712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        82944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    226720512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       141568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        64256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    236716544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       135424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        39168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    249111808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       139264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        56832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    233142016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       124160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        61696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    254478848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       116992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        55808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    241744896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        84992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    234309120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       166656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        82176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    242323200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total       1920128256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        82944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        64256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        39168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        56832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        61696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        55808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        84992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        82176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total       527872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks      1102080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total       1102080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       885627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       924674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       973093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       910711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       994058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       944316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       915270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       946575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total           7500501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         4305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             4305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        29394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        21070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     57593369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        35962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        16323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     60132642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        34401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         9950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63281387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        35377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        14437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59224611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        31540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        15673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     64644765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        29719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        14177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61409984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        28809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        21590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59521089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        42335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     61556890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total           487766435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        21070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        14437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        15673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        14177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        21590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         134094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        279959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             279959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        279959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        29394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        21070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     57593369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        35962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        16323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     60132642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        34401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         9950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63281387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        35377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        14437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59224611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        31540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        15673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     64644765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        29719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        14177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61409984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        28809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        21590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59521089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        42335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     61556890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total          488046394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                   7500501                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     4305                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                60004008                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  34440                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM           1919800064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                328192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten               1029376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys            1920128256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys            1102080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                10256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                2255                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           23                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0         7354795                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1         7408067                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2         7534248                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3         7640315                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4         7404722                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5         7882064                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6         7544704                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7         7224837                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0           22052                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             392                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            6085                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             256                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7              79                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                3936573196000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5            60004008                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              34440                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0               6811045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1               6862806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2               6919730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3               6945774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4               6970659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5               6999891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6               7055542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7               7122535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                659489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                611922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10               559144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11               534880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12               511598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13               484053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14               431354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15               367662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                27306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                23212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                19190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                17467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                15911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                14267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                11381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                 8147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                 1069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                  880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                  758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                  704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                  659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                  615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                  551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                  482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                  340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                  254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                  241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                  239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                  239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                  238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                  236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                  235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                  217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                  113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                  102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                   99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                   98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                   98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                   76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                 1135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                 1138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                 1146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                 1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                 1166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                 1189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                 1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                 1317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                 1421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                 1434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                 1435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                 1436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                 1436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                 1436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                 1436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                 1437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                 1435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                 1432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                 1425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                 1413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                 1405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                 1384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                 1375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                 1265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples      7523578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.307972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.724097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.870312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8469      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7302      0.10%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4261      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159          740      0.01%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4262      0.06%      0.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7281      0.10%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7996      0.11%      0.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7483267     99.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total      7523578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean 41682.695804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  3510.167615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 67808.964768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1028     71.89%     71.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            6      0.42%     72.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.07%     72.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.07%     72.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.14%     72.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.14%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.07%     72.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.07%     72.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.07%     72.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.14%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.07%     73.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.07%     73.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            2      0.14%     73.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.07%     73.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.14%     73.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            4      0.28%     73.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.07%     73.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            2      0.14%     74.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            3      0.21%     74.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            2      0.14%     74.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            2      0.14%     74.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            1      0.07%     74.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            3      0.21%     74.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            3      0.21%     75.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            4      0.28%     75.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            4      0.28%     75.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            5      0.35%     75.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            6      0.42%     76.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           15      1.05%     77.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           16      1.12%     78.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           15      1.05%     79.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           16      1.12%     80.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           19      1.33%     82.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           45      3.15%     85.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           27      1.89%     87.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           29      2.03%     89.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           35      2.45%     91.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           22      1.54%     93.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           28      1.96%     95.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           19      1.33%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           18      1.26%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           12      0.84%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            9      0.63%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            9      0.63%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            2      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::196608-200703            2      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total         1430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.495105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.267738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.990007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16            140      9.79%      9.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17             94      6.57%     16.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::18             21      1.47%     17.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19             29      2.03%     19.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::20             14      0.98%     20.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::21             23      1.61%     22.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::22             14      0.98%     23.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23             92      6.43%     29.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            893     62.45%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::25            105      7.34%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::29              1      0.07%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.07%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.14%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total         1430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat               1643169374200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat          2660063470600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat             191980006400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   27389.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              44339.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                     487.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                  487.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       4.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   4.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits               52475621                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 26721                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                   524540.30                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3309337677050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT  541677593150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          4816213516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          4904596569.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2            4938412752                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          4788520329.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0            3249032928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1            3308656416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2            3331468920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3            3230351016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         31661583782.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         32287288051.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2          32518417152                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3          31533318336                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        34761830.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1            14992128                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        8477291.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        7066828.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      73905487600.319992                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      74185754411.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      74422382077.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      73394467479.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      1867117482192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      1866871634112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      1866664065984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      1867565745456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        2117992742616                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        2118781102454.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        2119091404943.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        2117727650211.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          65.777981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          65.802465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          65.812102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          65.769749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    227955968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        68352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    237575936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        54784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    250265600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        86784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    234377728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        84480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    255307008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        86528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    242824960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        88320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    235183104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       152832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    243574784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total       1927773184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        86016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        68352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        54784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        86784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        84480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        86528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        88320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       152832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total       708096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       404992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        404992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       890453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       928031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       977600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       915538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       997293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       948535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       918684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       951464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total           7530364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         1582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             1582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        21850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     57907210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        17363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     60350952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        13917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63574482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        22046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59538517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        21460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     64855141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        21981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61684351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        22436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59743105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        38824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     61874827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total           489708461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        21850                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        13917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        22046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        21460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        21981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        22436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        38824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         179876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        102879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             102879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        102879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        21850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     57907210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        17363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     60350952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        13917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63574482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        22046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59538517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        21460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     64855141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        21981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61684351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        22436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59743105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        38824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     61874827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total          489811340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                   7530364                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     1582                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                60242912                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  12656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM           1927249280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                523904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                181536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys            1927773184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             404992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                16372                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                6983                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           18                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0         7213409                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1         7770903                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2         7523422                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3         7651502                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4         7418311                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5         7378863                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6         7589581                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7         7680549                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             674                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             208                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             793                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3            1003                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4            1416                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             635                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             824                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                3936586731000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5            60242912                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              12656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0               6835146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1               6887441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2               6944844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3               6971070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4               6995879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5               7025118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6               7081607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7               7149910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                665465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                617385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10               564248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11               539752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12               516588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13               489119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14               435555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15               370574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                27248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                23001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                18844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                17166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                15575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                13837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                10985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                 7694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                  605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                  466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                  358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                  304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                  252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                  219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                  147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                  112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                   90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples      7547908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.359606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.833733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.398033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7245      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95         6978      0.09%      0.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4381      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159          619      0.01%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4379      0.06%      0.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6983      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6984      0.09%      0.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7510339     99.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total      7547908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean 250181.916667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 24608.521144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 453578.980560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          108     45.00%     45.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071           15      6.25%     51.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607           54     22.50%     73.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            5      2.08%     75.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            6      2.50%     78.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            5      2.08%     80.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            4      1.67%     82.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            5      2.08%     84.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            4      1.67%     85.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            5      2.08%     87.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            3      1.25%     89.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            5      2.08%     91.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            5      2.08%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            1      0.42%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            1      0.42%     94.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.42%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            3      1.25%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            1      0.42%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            1      0.42%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.42%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.57286e+06            2      0.83%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.03162e+06-2.09715e+06            2      0.83%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.5559e+06            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3.86662e+06-3.93216e+06            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.637500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.519260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.160372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16             10      4.17%      4.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              3      1.25%      5.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18              4      1.67%      7.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.83%      7.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.83%      8.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.25%     10.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::22              5      2.08%     12.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              6      2.50%     14.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            124     51.67%     66.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::25             81     33.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat               1647527665800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat          2668367518800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat             192724928000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   27355.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              44305.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                     489.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                  489.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits               52679557                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  4748                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                   522652.01                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3308926666000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT  542090185700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0            4842406800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          4886392694.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          4772199196.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          4947951052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0            3266703000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1          3296376024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2            3219340728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3            3337903488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         31886050060.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1          32174605632                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         31422083097.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         32579161305.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        8738979.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        8820679.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        8078330.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        9170703.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      73748397369.599991                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      74074859899.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      73286828205.120010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      74519124575.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      1867255280640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      1866968910000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      1867660165872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3      1866579204144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        2118215757616.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        2118618145695.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        2117576876196.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        2119180696034.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          65.784908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          65.797404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          65.765066                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          65.814875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        66304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    226306560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        56832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    235866880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    248417536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    232543488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        65536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    254084096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        70912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    241093120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    234009088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        71424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    241783552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total       1914626048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        66304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        56832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        61440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        65536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        70912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        67840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        71424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total       493824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       284928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        284928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       884010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       921355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       970381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       908373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       992516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       941770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           61                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       914098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       944467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total           7479008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         1113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             1113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        16843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     57488214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        14437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59916803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         8519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63105022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        15607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59072569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        16648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     64544487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        18014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61244415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         3967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        17233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59444872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     61419804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total           486368719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        15607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        16648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        18014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        17233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         125445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks         72380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total              72380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks         72380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        16843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     57488214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        14437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59916803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         8519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63105022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        15607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59072569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        16648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     64544487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        18014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61244415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         3967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        17233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59444872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     61419804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total          486441099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                   7479008                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     1113                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                59832064                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   8904                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM           1914102720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                523328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                131520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys            1914626048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             284928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                16354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                4794                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0         7428830                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1         7463152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2         7297007                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3         7405738                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4         7380037                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5         7688411                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6         7588326                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7         7564209                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             328                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             497                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3            1180                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             961                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             336                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             128                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             560                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                3936573162000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5            59832064                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               8904                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0               6792854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1               6844438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2               6902283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3               6928503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4               6953192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5               6981930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6               7036548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7               7104174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                657333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                609530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10               555855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11               531363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12               508288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13               481263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14               429551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15               365181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                26636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                22468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                18418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                16729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                15149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                13484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                10629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                 7430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                  591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                  463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                  344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                  303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                  262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                  216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                  161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                   54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples      7496841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.338781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.789349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.594642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7710      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95         6988      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4436      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159          607      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4437      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6989      0.09%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7113      0.09%      0.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7458561     99.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total      7496841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean 335028.803371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 106898.251244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 343183.776104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767           37     20.79%     20.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::65536-98303            4      2.25%     23.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::98304-131071            9      5.06%     28.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::131072-163839           21     11.80%     39.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::163840-196607           13      7.30%     47.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::196608-229375            4      2.25%     49.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::229376-262143            3      1.69%     51.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::262144-294911            5      2.81%     53.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::294912-327679           14      7.87%     61.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::327680-360447            7      3.93%     65.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::360448-393215            4      2.25%     67.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::393216-425983            2      1.12%     69.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::425984-458751            3      1.69%     70.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::458752-491519            7      3.93%     74.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::491520-524287            7      3.93%     78.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::524288-557055            4      2.25%     80.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::557056-589823            3      1.69%     82.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::589824-622591            5      2.81%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::622592-655359            6      3.37%     88.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::655360-688127            3      1.69%     90.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::688128-720895            2      1.12%     91.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::884736-917503            1      0.56%     92.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::917504-950271            2      1.12%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::950272-983039            1      0.56%     93.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.01581e+06            1      0.56%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.01581e+06-1.04858e+06            1      0.56%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.14688e+06            1      0.56%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.14688e+06-1.17965e+06            1      0.56%     96.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.21242e+06-1.24518e+06            1      0.56%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.34349e+06            1      0.56%     97.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.40902e+06            1      0.56%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.47456e+06            1      0.56%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.5401e+06            1      0.56%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.60563e+06-1.6384e+06            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.6384e+06-1.67117e+06            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.089888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.887556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.810957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16             17      9.55%      9.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::17              5      2.81%     12.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.12%     13.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.56%     14.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.12%     15.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.12%     16.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              3      1.69%     17.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::23              4      2.25%     20.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24             92     51.69%     71.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::25             50     28.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat               1635667409600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat          2649543694100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat             191410272000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   27345.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              44295.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                     486.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                  486.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    29.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits               52319544                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  3435                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                   526271.32                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3312501174250                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT  538514061950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          4855768041.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          4801246531.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          4874094086.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3            4903654896                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0            3275716536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1            3238936152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2          3288079344.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3            3308021160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         31970818214.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         31614207705.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         32091414451.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         32288304921.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        8858419.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        8472314.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        7791344.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        7989995.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      73843579252.800003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      73481721255.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      73980440375.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      74208018173.759995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      1867171787760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      1867489207056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      1867051734144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      1866852104496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        2118334708990.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        2117841971781.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        2118501734511.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        2118776274408.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          65.788602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          65.773299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          65.793789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          65.802315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       185344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    228351232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        81408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    237756928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       413184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    250456320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        78592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    234821632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        75264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    255947008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        84992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    243053824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        82432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    235391744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        78592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    244085248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total       1930943744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       185344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        81408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       413184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        78592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        75264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        84992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        82432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        78592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total      1079808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       455936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        455936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       891997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       928738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       978345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       917272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       999793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       949429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       919499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       953458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total           7542749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         1781                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             1781                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        47083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     58007618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        20680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     60396929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       104960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63622930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        19965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59651281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        19119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     65017719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        21590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61742489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        20940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59796105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        19965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     62004499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total           490513872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        47083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       104960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        19965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        19119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        21590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        20940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        19965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         274302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        115821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             115821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        115821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        47083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     58007618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        20680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     60396929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       104960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63622930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        19965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59651281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        19119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     65017719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        21590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61742489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        20940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59796105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        19965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     62004499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total          490629693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                   7542749                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     1781                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                60341992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  14248                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM           1930339296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                604448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                235264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys            1930943744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             455936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                18889                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                6879                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0         7528350                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1         7656963                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2         7648833                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3         7329673                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4         7528179                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5         7546006                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6         7580127                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7         7504972                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             620                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2            1177                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3            1089                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4            2104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             136                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6            2082                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                3936575930000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5            60341992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              14248                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0               6843727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1               6895966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2               6953311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3               6979897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4               7005105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5               7034358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6               7091404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7               7159812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                668968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                620737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10               567616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11               542890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12               519220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13               491807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14               437770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15               372635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                27335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                23137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                19029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                17204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                15724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                13926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                10997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                 7786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                  659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                  494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                  379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                  346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                  292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                  246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                  168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                   82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples      7560547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.348530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.809346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.506806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7555      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7047      0.09%      0.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4369      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159          657      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4368      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7045      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7087      0.09%      0.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7522419     99.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total      7560547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean 190440.152381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11847.925894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 449436.411701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          176     55.87%     55.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071           17      5.40%     61.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607           75     23.81%     85.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            4      1.27%     86.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            4      1.27%     87.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            6      1.90%     89.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            2      0.63%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            5      1.59%     91.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            2      0.63%     92.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            2      0.63%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            2      0.63%     93.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            1      0.32%     93.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            2      0.63%     94.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            1      0.32%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.32%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            1      0.32%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            1      0.32%     95.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.37626e+06            1      0.32%     96.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.57286e+06            1      0.32%     96.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            1      0.32%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.76947e+06-1.83501e+06            1      0.32%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.90054e+06            1      0.32%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.03162e+06            1      0.32%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            2      0.63%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.16269e+06-2.22822e+06            1      0.32%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.29376e+06-2.3593e+06            1      0.32%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.42483e+06            2      0.63%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.34234e+06-3.40787e+06            1      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.339683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.186899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.435574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16             22      6.98%      6.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::17              5      1.59%      8.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::18              3      0.95%      9.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              3      0.95%     10.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.63%     11.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              5      1.59%     12.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::22              3      0.95%     13.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::23              5      1.59%     15.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            197     62.54%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::25             70     22.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat               1650083257950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat          2672559853800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat             193033929600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   27354.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              44304.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                     490.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                  490.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits               52763765                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  6143                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                   521778.82                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3308116613600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT  542900238100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          4930798924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          4852095091.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          4908543494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          4874436403.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0            3326332608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1            3273238752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2          3311319024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3            3288310272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         32466803865.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         31949055590.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2          32318979264                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         32090609241.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        8317209.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        8859248.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        8933898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        9509529.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      74366998816.319992                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      73831633493.759995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      74239139134.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      74026315270.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      1866712647792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      1867182266496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      1866824805408.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      1867011493008.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        2119020079982.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        2118305329438.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        2118819900988.800293                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        2118508854490.560303                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          65.809887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          65.787689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          65.803670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          65.794010                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        30464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    226248704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    235966720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    248330240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    232716032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    253704448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    241199104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    233788160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    242121216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total       1914266112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        30464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        21760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        24320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        19712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        29696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total       177664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       921344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        921344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       883784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       921745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           85                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       970040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       909047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       991033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       942184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       913235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       945786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total           7477602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         3599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             3599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     57473517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59942166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         5528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     63082846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         6178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     59116400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         3382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     64448046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     61271338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         7544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     59388750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     61505580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total           486277286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         3382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         7544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6308                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          45132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        234047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             234047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        234047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     57473517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59942166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         5528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     63082846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         6178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     59116400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         3382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     64448046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     61271338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         7544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     59388750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     61505580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total          486511333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                   7477602                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     3599                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                59820816                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  28792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM           1913920448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                345664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                846240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys            1914266112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             921344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                10802                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                2346                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0         7293478                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1         7344528                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2         7679624                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3         7440824                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4         7362408                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5         7635216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6         7482160                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7         7571776                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             280                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2           24830                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             687                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             128                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                3936543096000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5            59820816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              28792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0               6791537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1               6842837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2               6900307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3               6926325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4               6951334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5               6980340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6               7034856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7               7101210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                657581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                610336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10               557099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11               532902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12               509429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13               482190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14               430644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15               367460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                26744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                22561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                18434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                16669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                15185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                13442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                10529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                 7416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                  648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                  486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                  359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                  303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                  262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                  232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                  170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                  126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                 1018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                 1182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                 1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                 1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                 1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                 1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                 1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                 1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                 1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                 1207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                 1206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                 1205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                 1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                 1185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                 1173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                 1166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                  153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples      7499595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.316012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.742271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.793803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8228      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7132      0.10%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4407      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159          670      0.01%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4409      0.06%      0.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7113      0.09%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7745      0.10%      0.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7459891     99.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total      7499595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean 49358.169576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  4940.757012                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 71169.287908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          794     66.00%     66.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            8      0.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            3      0.25%     66.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            3      0.25%     67.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            1      0.08%     67.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            2      0.17%     67.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.17%     67.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.08%     67.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.08%     67.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.08%     67.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            2      0.17%     68.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            3      0.25%     68.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            2      0.17%     68.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            3      0.25%     68.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.17%     68.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            2      0.17%     68.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            2      0.17%     69.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.08%     69.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            3      0.25%     69.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            5      0.42%     69.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            6      0.50%     70.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            4      0.33%     70.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            2      0.17%     70.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            4      0.33%     71.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            6      0.50%     71.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            9      0.75%     72.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            8      0.67%     73.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           13      1.08%     74.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           22      1.83%     76.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359            8      0.67%     76.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           22      1.83%     78.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           45      3.74%     82.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           27      2.24%     84.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           29      2.41%     86.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           35      2.91%     89.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           34      2.83%     92.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           17      1.41%     94.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           25      2.08%     96.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223           13      1.08%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319           11      0.91%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            8      0.67%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511           10      0.83%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192512-196607            4      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total         1203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    21.982544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    21.683498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.424565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16            224     18.62%     18.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17             57      4.74%     23.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18             20      1.66%     25.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19             10      0.83%     25.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::20             23      1.91%     27.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21             11      0.91%     28.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              6      0.50%     29.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23             66      5.49%     34.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            672     55.86%     90.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::25            111      9.23%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.08%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::33              2      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total         1203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat               1636331973050                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat          2650111710350                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat             191392044800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   27358.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              44308.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                     486.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                  486.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits               52314916                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                 21948                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              82.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                   526191.33                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3311261391000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   85557925800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT  539755460700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          4770603734.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1            4918003776                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          4855457779.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          4873316918.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0          3218264424.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1            3317700960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2            3275507232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          3287555064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         31415561548.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1          32349340608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         31972490035.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         32091137395.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        7600988.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        27466905.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        6784819.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        7000473.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      137208180766.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      73245633402.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      74473029541.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      73843512822.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      73986317521.919998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      1867696301664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      1866619638384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      1867171846032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      1867046578752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        2117562146527.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        2118913360941.119873                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        2118333779486.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        2118500086891.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          65.764609                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          65.806573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          65.788573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          65.793738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           119953829                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          119953829                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               3090                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              3090                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             76381                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4037                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            474                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1185                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17065                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17019                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    240006357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    240029999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_count::total              240029999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        47284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave  30729855233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total  30729902517                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_size::total             30729902517                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  59976914500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1979102832500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3090000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1545000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1260286500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2018999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       237000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       592500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8534995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    280813500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      1401860                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     52790379                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         2210                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           54                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         2336                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           85                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         8638                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         4605                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    286641133                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 436014340505                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       431993                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       507493                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       722000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     43152000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.failedReq                       1415061                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.failedResp                     52795123                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.pimReqForwardingFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.pimRespForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime           287148626                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime       436058646498                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.snoops                             3372                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         120043054                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1               120043054    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           120043054                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded               11821                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         61241938000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           120039683                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       1979385783500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization             50.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          119975123                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          119945097                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         119945097                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            76381                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1126                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            59                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1185                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            17019                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           17019                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3783576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3774377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3728021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3737500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3726223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3758729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3738856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3805456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3750445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3779644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3738789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3742328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3741191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3787602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3703777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3704459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total     60000973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3779252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3772015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3725764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3736139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3726340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3772030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3740750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3803817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3752996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3782165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3735810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3737963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3739401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3789574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3706068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3700414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total     60000498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3786726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3770659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3726559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3740281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3729338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3765612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3737544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3795072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3749529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3785149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3736529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3738325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3743492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3786916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3710528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3698629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total     60000889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3782756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3770244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3720102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3735837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3724278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3765975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3742421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3801230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3752383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3788008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3741858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3740225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3735055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3791063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3702629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3706560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total     60000625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             240002985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    484617472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    483173376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    477303808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    478512896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    477009152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    481169152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    478778368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    487306496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    480195328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    484011008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    478765824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    479128576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    478909952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    485035008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    474277888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    474268672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total   7682462976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    484080896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    482872064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    477021184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    478332928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    477020160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    482871296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    479029504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    487107584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    480515584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    484344320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    478380288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    478580480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    478677504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    485288448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    474579712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    473763328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total   7682465280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    485011712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    482705920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    477112064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    478871296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    477414912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    482046464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    478617600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    485982720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    480076800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    484722176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    478479104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    478615040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    479201536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    484941824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    475143424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    473524736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total   7682467329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    484507392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    482648320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    476289280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    478305024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    476761088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    482091264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    479249664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    486761728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    480442624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    485100544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    479149824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    478863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    478121984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    485489664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    474137344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    474540544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total   7682459648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total            30729855233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 167813148600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1184630368075                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    717937400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1575200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        81800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1659618                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19930600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    163755698                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       274963                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       222213                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          110                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         9740                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          315                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    162335000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1306177396                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        44000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        17197                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     14913600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1433700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.failedReq                       284818                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.failedResp                      222531                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimReqForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimRespForwardingFail                0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime          177296600                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime        1307628293                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy        10673494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded            7571172                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy        10569759200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded            7544538                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy        10455733400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded            7452061                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy        10489091600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded            7476652                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy        10444585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded            7454063                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy        10550773600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded            7531964                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy        10523777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded            7483155                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy        10698435600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded            7606368                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy        10533561000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded            7504829                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy        10652815200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            7571286                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy       10519199600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded           7479916                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy       10495686400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded           7481220                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy       10474546800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded           7480126                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy       10661181000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded           7581089                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy       10422138600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded           7414607                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy       10387895600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded           7406636                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      296200782109                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          29991052                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      296196635900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          29990577                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      296200334292                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          29990968                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      296198032590                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          29990705                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                6.934511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide     6.934511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide     0.866814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.866814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    119945097                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    119945097                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        76381                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1126                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           59                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1185                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        17019                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        17019                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     60000973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     60000498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     60000889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     60000625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    240002985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave   7682462976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave   7682465280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave   7682467329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave   7682459648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total  30729855233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  95956077600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 479780388000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    305524000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       900800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        47200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       948000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     13615200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     68076000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      9573666                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           27                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         1334                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  27607324900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        44400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      4001000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.failedResp               9575027                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimReqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimRespForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime  27611370300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  24068317600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     30009921                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  24069837600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     30009921                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  24068583300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     30009921                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  24069427200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     30009920                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 479849412800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization         12.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    119963302                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          517470917                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         517470909                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            8                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              3090                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             3090                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            79909                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5833                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1186                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7019                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           16                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           16                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            33117                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           33117                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     44689306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     77809758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47757257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     83144020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48100124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     83725500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     46150746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     80346058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     49528157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     86223436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47554892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     82793354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     46603308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     81135046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47115697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     82020923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total            1035064492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5553408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5720242800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    155619516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5456384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6112989180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    166288040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7573248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6157034336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    167451000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5517312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5907327300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    160692116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5696768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6339578672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    172446872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5665792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6086951868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    165586708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5699584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5965255528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    162270092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5798400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6031260497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    164041844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            49681997321                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 261522999341                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 6487162377802                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3091993                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1548478                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2597048482                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2920490                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       593998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1993191                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         8000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     17701705                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    562066039                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16904100                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      4006880                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1849                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback        20796                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1169                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          118                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          881                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq        11377                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           40                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  13147323002                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  40997417715                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5716000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback    470369985                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       942999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1593000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     14711983                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     18638327                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       541000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.failedReq                     16941457                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.failedResp                     4007801                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimReqForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimRespForwardingFail                0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime        13644590313                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime       41012670698                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoops                           43735                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        517582246                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47             517582246    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          517582246                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       264144670009                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          517594068                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         710176811                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             21693                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      728022266536                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            18.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          22342604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy       39475633303                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded          38904879                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         697991418                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             21314                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy      778177837881                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            19.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          23876511                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy       42188345618                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded          41572010                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy        964257621                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            29583                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy     783319103898                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           19.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded         24046717                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy      42456199207                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded         41862750                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        705582614                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            21552                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy     751856543960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           19.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded         23073551                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy      40772602012                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded         40173029                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy        728787951                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded            22253                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy     806842774512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization           20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded         24762477                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy      43718081321                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded         43111718                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy        724697472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded            22132                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy     774742241250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization           19.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded         23775999                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy      42000492613                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded         41396677                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy        729097885                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded            22264                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy     759266798915                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization           19.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded         23299510                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy      41169112211                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded         40567523                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy        741151638                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded            22650                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy     767430473134                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization           19.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded         23554287                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy      41604137712                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded         41010462                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       393656    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       393656    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       393656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       393656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples       393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0           393656    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total       393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0          393656    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total       393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.replacements                 119962920                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8191.843082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.total_refs                    37645321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 119962920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.313808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       33.517942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.044044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst     0.328128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   919.961628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.052168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst     0.391673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   980.889181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.050435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.934745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1053.226811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.051568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst     0.334918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   951.236513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.081505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     0.484676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data  1297.220001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.047639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     0.444784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   999.519319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.047529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst     0.331344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   958.244872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.080263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.000199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst     0.616461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   993.704478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.112300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.119737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.128568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.116118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.158352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.122012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.116973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.121302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4647                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2980                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002075                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995605                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4260290932                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4260290932                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38902325                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         6119                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      4422891                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41569343                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         5918                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      4776777                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41860108                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst        14727                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      4862694                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40170447                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         6165                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      4631251                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43108924                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst         6486                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      4810173                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41393965                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst         6383                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      4697334                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40564841                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst         6358                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data      4649866                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41007851                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         6810                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data      4638157                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               366125920                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            79909                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp8.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 79909                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          337                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          228                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          421                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          160                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          230                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1790                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                712                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38902325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          6119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       4422927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41569343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          5918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       4776794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41860108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst         14727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       4862727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40170447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          6165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       4631282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43108924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          6486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data       4810233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41393965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          6383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data       4697369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40564841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          6358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data       4649890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41007851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst          6810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data       4638194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::total                366126193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38902325                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         6119                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      4422927                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41569343                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         5918                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      4776794                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41860108                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst        14727                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      4862727                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40170447                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         6165                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      4631282                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43108924                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst         6486                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data      4810233                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41393965                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst         6383                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data      4697369                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40564841                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst         6358                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data      4649890                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41007851                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         6810                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data      4638194                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::total               366126193                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        15574                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     17910413                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2667                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        15396                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     19090556                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2642                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        14856                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data     19173464                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2582                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        15387                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data     18432505                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2794                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        15767                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data     19941837                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2712                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        15749                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data     19068449                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2682                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst        15906                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data     18640323                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2610                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst        15840                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data     18908429                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             151311701                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          211                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          167                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          338                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               1132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1982                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2068                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         2439                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         2125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         2047                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         2032                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         2334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17015                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        15574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     17912395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        15396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     19092624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        14856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data     19175903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        15387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data     18434493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        15767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data     19943962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        15749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data     19070496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst        15906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data     18642355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst        15840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data     18910763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::total              151328716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        15574                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     17912395                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2667                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        15396                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     19092624                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2642                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        14856                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data     19175903                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2582                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        15387                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data     18434493                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2794                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        15767                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data     19943962                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2712                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        15749                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data     19070496                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2682                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst        15906                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data     18642355                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2610                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst        15840                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data     18910763                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::total             151328716                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    305804990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1824454500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2342991935489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    321471494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1814790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2494492504990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    315431994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1726085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2505616206991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    311911989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1822201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2411044444985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    337250995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1842172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2602371752465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    327630492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1859197500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2492637803480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker    323173990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       672500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1851325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2437378324482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    319657483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1875273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2472380048482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    19776091774291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       733500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       196000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       462000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       151500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       139000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1943000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    415965000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    460574000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    353424000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    436499499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    438800996                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    434534498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    414873000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    486001000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3440671993                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    305804990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1824454500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2343407900489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    321471494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1814790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2494953078990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    315431994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1726085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2505969630991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    311911989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1822201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2411480944484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    337250995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1842172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2602810553461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    327630492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1859197500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2493072337978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker    323173990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       672500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1851325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2437793197482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    319657483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1875273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2472866049482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     19779532446284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    305804990                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1824454500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2343407900489                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    321471494                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1814790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2494953078990                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    315431994                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1726085000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2505969630991                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    311911989                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1822201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2411480944484                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    337250995                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1842172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2602810553461                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    327630492                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1859197500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2493072337978                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker    323173990                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       672500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1851325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2437793197482                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    319657483                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1875273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2472866049482                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    19779532446284                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38904879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        21693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     22333304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41572010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        21314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     23867333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41862750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        29583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     24036158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40173029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        21552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     23063756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43111718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        22253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data     24752010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41396677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        22132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data     23765783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40567523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        22264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data     23290189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41010461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        22650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data     23546586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           517437621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        79909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             79909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          548                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          387                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          588                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          191                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          498                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          328                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             2922                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          431                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            771                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2085                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2472                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2019                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2185                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2082                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2056                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             17288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38904879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        21693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     22335322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41572010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        21314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     23869418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41862750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        29583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     24038630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40173029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        21552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     23065775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43111718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        22253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data     24754195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41396677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        22132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data     23767865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40567523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        22264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data     23292245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41010461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        22650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data     23548957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::total            517454909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38904879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        21693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     22335322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41572010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        21314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     23869418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41862750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        29583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     24038630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40173029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        21552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     23065775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43111718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        22253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data     24754195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41396677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        22132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data     23767865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40567523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        22264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data     23292245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41010461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        22650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data     23548957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::total           517454909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.717927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.801960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.722342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.799861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.502180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.797693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.713948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.799198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.708534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.805665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.711594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.802349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.714427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.800351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.699338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.803022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.292425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.385036                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.410853                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.284014                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.289157                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.263158                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.272251                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.678715                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.298780                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.387406                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.190476                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.127660                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.025522                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.130435                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.156863                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.217391                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.156250                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.076524                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.982161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.991847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.986650                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.984646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.972540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.983189                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.988327                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.984395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.984209                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.717927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.801976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.722342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.799878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.502180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.797712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.713948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.799214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.708534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.805680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.711594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.802365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.714427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.800367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.699338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.803040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.292448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.717927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.801976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.722342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.799878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.502180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.797712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.713948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.799214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.708534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.805680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.711594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.802365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.714427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.800367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.699338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.803040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.292448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 119735.704777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117147.457301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130817.303626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 120536.743157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117874.123149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130666.309823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 119391.367903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116187.735595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130681.456778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 120802.474438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118424.709170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130803.949055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 120705.438440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 116837.191603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 130498.095660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 120807.703540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118051.781065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 130720.532303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 120497.386279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       134500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 116391.613228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 130758.373902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 122474.131418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118388.446970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 130755.445018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130697.703109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  3476.303318                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  1173.652695                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  6416.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  5019.230769                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   448.224852                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  1418.367347                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1716.431095                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  5909.090909                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         6550                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2211.864407                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 209871.342079                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 222714.700193                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 144905.289053                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 219567.152414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 206494.586353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 212278.699560                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 204169.783465                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 208226.649529                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202214.046018                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 119735.704777                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117147.457301                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130826.050927                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 120536.743157                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117874.123149                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130676.279960                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 119391.367903                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116187.735595                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130683.265919                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 120802.474438                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118424.709170                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130813.521396                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 120705.438440                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 116837.191603                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 130506.192975                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 120807.703540                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118051.781065                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 130729.286641                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 120497.386279                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       134500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 116391.613228                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 130766.375680                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 122474.131418                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118388.446970                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 130765.006652                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130705.744218                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 119735.704777                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117147.457301                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130826.050927                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 120536.743157                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117874.123149                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130676.279960                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 119391.367903                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116187.735595                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130683.265919                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 120802.474438                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118424.709170                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130813.521396                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 120705.438440                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 116837.191603                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 130506.192975                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 120807.703540                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118051.781065                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 130729.286641                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 120497.386279                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       134500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 116391.613228                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 130766.375680                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 122474.131418                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118388.446970                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 130765.006652                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130705.744218                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                76381                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.l2.writebacks::total                     76381                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst        10234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      3733742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        10504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      4308559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst         5273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      3609819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst        10220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      3853403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst        11081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data      4045273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst        10756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data      3964340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst        10975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data      4005281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data      3752630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           31366597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total               9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst        10234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      3733742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        10504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      4308559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst         5273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      3609819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst        10220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      3853403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst        11081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data      4045273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst        10756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data      3964340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst        10975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data      4005281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data      3752630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total            31366597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1829                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst        10234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      3733742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        10504                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      4308559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst         5273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      3609819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst        10220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      3853403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst        11081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data      4045273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst        10756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data      3964340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         1927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst        10975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data      4005281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data      3752630                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total           31366597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     14176671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     14781997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         9583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     15563645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         5167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     14579102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         4686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     15896564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         4993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     15104109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         4931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     14635042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         5884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     15155799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        119945104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          207                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          167                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           68                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           51                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          338                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          1123                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1982                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2068                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         2125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         2047                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         2032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         2334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     14178653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     14784065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         9583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     15566084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         5167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     14581090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         4686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     15898689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         4993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     15106156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         4931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     14637074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         5884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     15158133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         119962119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     14178653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     14784065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         9583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     15566084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         5167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     14581090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         4686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     15898689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         4993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     15106156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         4931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     14637074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         5884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     15158133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        119962119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     87184490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    637596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 1709492897492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     97560494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    580850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 1780570418993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     89863494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1134611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 1873853662992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    100117489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    614857500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 1757218710498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    103893495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    552579500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 1909815656486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     89727992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    591276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 1819103631991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     91861490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       617500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    585580500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 1763969105488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    142253983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    695038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 1826143951488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 14446363731855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     11499500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8670998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9126500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3741500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1984000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2819999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     18468998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5400000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61711495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       484000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       355000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       614500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       365500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       475000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       555498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       567000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3416498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    394163000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    437826000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    326595000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    414631499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    415425996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    412017498                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    392521000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    460327000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3253506993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     87184490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    637596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 1709887060492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     97560494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    580850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 1781008244993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     89863494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1134611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 1874180257992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    100117489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    614857500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 1757633341997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    103893495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    552579500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 1910231082482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     89727992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    591276000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 1819515649489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     91861490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       617500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    585580500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 1764361626488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    142253983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    695038500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 1826604278488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 14449617238848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     87184490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    637596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 1709887060492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     97560494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    580850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 1781008244993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     89863494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1134611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 1874180257992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    100117489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    614857500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 1757633341997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    103893495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    552579500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 1910231082482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     89727992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    591276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 1819515649489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     91861490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       617500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    585580500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 1764361626488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    142253983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    695038500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 1826604278488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 14449617238848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     22866499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     23340498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     23807983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     22945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     24946499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     24470500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     23790499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     21648999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    187816477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      7410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      7846000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      8050500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      7575498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data      8006999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      7804000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data      7664496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data      7926500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     62283993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     30276499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     31186498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     31858483                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     30520498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     32953498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     32274500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     31454995                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     29575499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    250100470                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.246162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.634777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.229521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.619340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.323936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.647510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.239746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.632122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.210578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.642233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.225601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.635540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.221479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.628378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.259779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.643652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.231806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.377737                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.410853                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.284014                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.273092                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.263158                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.267016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.678715                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.298780                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384326                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.190476                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.127660                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.025522                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.130435                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.156863                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076524                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.982161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.991847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.986650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.984646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.972540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.983189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.988327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.984395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.246162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.634809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.229521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.619373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.323936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.647545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.239746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.632153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.210578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.642262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.225601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.635571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.221479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.628410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.259779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.643686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.231831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.246162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.634809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.229521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.619373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.323936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.647545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.239746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.632153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.210578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.642262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.225601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.635571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.221479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.628410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.259779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.643686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.231831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 120254.468966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       119400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120584.931222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119853.186732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118734.668847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120455.336244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 119499.327128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118398.309506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 120399.409200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 119757.761962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118997.000194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120529.968890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 119831.020761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 117921.361502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 120140.154595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 120927.212938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118420.989385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 120437.665803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 121670.847682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       123500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 118754.917867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 120530.512006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 118446.280600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118123.470428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 120491.433773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120441.462386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 55553.140097                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54534.578616                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54649.700599                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 55022.058824                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 56685.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 55294.098039                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54642.005917                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 55102.040816                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54952.355298                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        60500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 59166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 55863.636364                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 60916.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        59375                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 55549.800000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        56700                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57906.745763                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 198871.342079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 211714.700193                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 133905.289053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 208567.152414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 195494.586353                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 201278.699560                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 193169.783465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 197226.649529                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191214.046018                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 120254.468966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       119400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120595.874692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119853.186732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118734.668847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120468.101635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 119499.327128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118398.309506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 120401.525393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 119757.761962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118997.000194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120541.971965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 119831.020761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 117921.361502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 120150.226379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 120927.212938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118420.989385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 120448.620383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 121670.847682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       123500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 118754.917867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 120540.596193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 118446.280600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118123.470428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 120503.249212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120451.500518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 120254.468966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       119400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120595.874692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119853.186732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118734.668847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120468.101635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 119499.327128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118398.309506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 120401.525393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 119757.761962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118997.000194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120541.971965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 119831.020761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 117921.361502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 120150.226379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 120927.212938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118420.989385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 120448.620383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 121670.847682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       123500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 118754.917867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 120540.596193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 118446.280600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118123.470428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 120503.249212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120451.500518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                    1415061                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     29990752                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     29990752    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      29990752                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        18869                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        18869    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        18869                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     1950339423.252789                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    1850918196.165242                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    472188802.169483                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08          106      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08        14104      3.58%      3.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08         2540      0.65%      4.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09         5053      1.28%      5.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09        14668      3.73%      9.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09        17185      4.37%     13.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09        62283     15.82%     29.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09       114453     29.07%     58.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09       119100     30.25%     88.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09        44136     11.21%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09           28      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        1950334007.789489      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                7677632512                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1227077.448331                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9017398.823447                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       383750     97.48%     97.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         4934      1.25%     98.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2581      0.66%     99.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1368      0.35%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          655      0.17%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          231      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           86      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           35      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           12      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       1227073.345576      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                4830464                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        29990752                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       97621.382088                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      97021.811756                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      13482.468061                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-65535            4581      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-131071     29161277     97.23%     97.25% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-196607       710734      2.37%     99.62% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-262143       103507      0.35%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-327679         8589      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-393215          881      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-458751          661      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-524287          334      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-589823          115      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-655359           53      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::655360-720895           18      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::720896-786431            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::786432-851967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          29990752                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            29990752                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           131259.575852                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          66900.464226                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                 2898      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000              273      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000             955      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000           11512      0.04%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000           13249      0.04%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000           20550      0.07%      0.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000          106298      0.35%      0.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000          101797      0.34%      0.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000           98977      0.33%      1.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000          350541      1.17%      2.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000          395587      1.32%      3.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000          288429      0.96%      4.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000          424032      1.41%      6.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000          926713      3.09%      9.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000          555777      1.85%     11.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000          606393      2.02%     13.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000         1138521      3.80%     16.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000         1203305      4.01%     20.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000          834150      2.78%     23.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000        1298602      4.33%     27.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows          21612193     72.06%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value           6042000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              29990752                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             18869                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         208748685.462929                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1260120085.428980                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             3      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             2      0.01%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             4      0.02%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             4      0.02%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            11      0.06%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             8      0.04%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             8      0.04%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            12      0.06%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            19      0.10%      0.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            11      0.06%      0.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            21      0.11%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            24      0.13%      0.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            13      0.07%      0.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           16      0.08%      0.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           18712     99.17%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           22000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9812529000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               18869                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              30009621                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             131177.044422                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            66790.037100                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                   2898      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                273      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000               958      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000             11527      0.04%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000             13331      0.04%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000             20611      0.07%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000            106396      0.35%      0.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000            102254      0.34%      0.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             99219      0.33%      1.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000            350875      1.17%      2.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000            396660      1.32%      3.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000            289068      0.96%      4.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000            424651      1.42%      6.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000            927197      3.09%      9.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000            558984      1.86%     11.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000            607517      2.02%     13.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000           1139297      3.80%     16.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000           1205783      4.02%     20.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000            835333      2.78%     23.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000          1300452      4.33%     27.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows            21616337     72.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value             6042000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                30009621                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.745262                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.532316                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           118680     30.15%     30.15% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1           256580     65.18%     95.33% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2            18391      4.67%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                5      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          393656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            76.185131                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean           72.301369                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           18.445068                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                    52      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                14120      3.59%      3.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                 148      0.04%      3.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                2427      0.62%      4.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                3155      0.80%      5.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                2809      0.71%      5.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55               18679      4.75%     10.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63               22305      5.67%     16.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71               41761     10.61%     26.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79              119077     30.25%     57.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87               49488     12.57%     69.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95               76611     19.46%     89.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103              42597     10.82%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111               427      0.11%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.047933                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.352242                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 383750     97.48%     97.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   4934      1.25%     98.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                   2581      0.66%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                   1368      0.35%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    655      0.17%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                    231      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     86      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                     35      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                     12      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     29990286                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     29990286    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      29990286                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19344                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19344    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19344                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     1950308988.558538                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean    1850880784.631115                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    472203064.797805                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08          110      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08        14100      3.58%      3.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08         2538      0.64%      4.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09         5058      1.28%      5.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09        14719      3.74%      9.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09        17219      4.37%     13.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09        62223     15.81%     29.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09       114434     29.07%     58.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09       119081     30.25%     88.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09        44134     11.21%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09           40      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        1950303703.259358      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                7677513216                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1257967.362367                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9170161.627527                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       383649     97.46%     97.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         4864      1.24%     98.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2635      0.67%     99.36% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1413      0.36%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          681      0.17%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          293      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           80      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           29      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       1257963.156332      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                4952064                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        29990286                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       97619.815833                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      97021.161546                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      13470.543515                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-65535            4544      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-131071     29161441     97.24%     97.25% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-196607       710583      2.37%     99.62% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-262143       103317      0.34%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-327679         8349      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::327680-393215          854      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::393216-458751          650      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::458752-524287          349      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::524288-589823          123      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::589824-655359           49      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::655360-720895           21      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::720896-786431            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::786432-851967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          29990286                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            29990286                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           131261.613510                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          66904.625403                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                 2915      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000              296      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000             915      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000           11079      0.04%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000           13204      0.04%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000           20518      0.07%      0.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000          106029      0.35%      0.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000          101815      0.34%      0.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000           98744      0.33%      1.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000          350186      1.17%      2.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000          395674      1.32%      3.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000          288610      0.96%      4.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000          424629      1.42%      6.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000          925640      3.09%      9.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000          556854      1.86%     10.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000          607985      2.03%     13.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000         1136574      3.79%     16.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000         1204502      4.02%     20.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000          832901      2.78%     23.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000        1298825      4.33%     27.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows          21612391     72.06%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value           7419000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              29990286                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             19344                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         203734939.050868                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1233339288.530090                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             6      0.03%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             4      0.02%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             2      0.01%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             9      0.05%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            12      0.06%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             8      0.04%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            11      0.06%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            18      0.09%      0.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            10      0.05%      0.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            21      0.11%      0.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            22      0.11%      0.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            21      0.11%      0.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             8      0.04%      0.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           15      0.08%      0.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19176     99.13%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           26000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9871279000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               19344                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              30009630                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             131177.003182                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            66787.432649                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                   2915      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                296      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000               915      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000             11101      0.04%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000             13282      0.04%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000             20583      0.07%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000            106116      0.35%      0.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000            102274      0.34%      0.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             98993      0.33%      1.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000            350512      1.17%      2.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000            396705      1.32%      3.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000            289252      0.96%      4.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000            425277      1.42%      6.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000            926126      3.09%      9.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000            560181      1.87%     11.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000            609087      2.03%     13.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000           1137378      3.79%     16.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000           1207076      4.02%     20.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000            834163      2.78%     23.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000          1300700      4.33%     27.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows            21616698     72.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value             7419000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                30009630                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.745450                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.531971                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           118551     30.12%     30.12% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1           256765     65.23%     95.34% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2            18334      4.66%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                6      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          393656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            76.183945                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean           72.299957                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           18.445413                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                    52      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                14118      3.59%      3.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                 146      0.04%      3.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                2433      0.62%      4.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                3160      0.80%      5.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                2793      0.71%      5.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55               18698      4.75%     10.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63               22339      5.67%     16.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71               41714     10.60%     26.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79              119129     30.26%     57.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87               49508     12.58%     69.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95               76528     19.44%     89.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103              42640     10.83%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111               398      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.049139                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.358209                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 383649     97.46%     97.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   4864      1.24%     98.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                   2635      0.67%     99.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                   1413      0.36%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    681      0.17%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                    293      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     80      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     29      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     29990686                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     29990686    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      29990686                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        18953                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.986546                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.925112                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     1.852257                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        18952     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        18953                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     1950335066.149125                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean    1850906830.285556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    472203884.622920                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08          115      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08        14097      3.58%      3.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08         2541      0.65%      4.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09         5048      1.28%      5.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09        14665      3.73%      9.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09        17239      4.38%     13.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09        62322     15.83%     29.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09       114390     29.06%     58.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09       119079     30.25%     88.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09        44121     11.21%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09           39      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        1950329715.731573      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                7677615616                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1232475.054362                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9037042.015159                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       383758     97.49%     97.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         4914      1.25%     98.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2522      0.64%     99.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1407      0.36%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          671      0.17%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          262      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           82      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           33      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       1232471.187589      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                4851713                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        29990686                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       97617.542313                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      97019.490751                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      13459.433219                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-65535            4604      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-131071     29162202     97.24%     97.25% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-196607       710670      2.37%     99.62% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-262143       102826      0.34%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-327679         8398      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::327680-393215          810      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::393216-458751          634      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::458752-524287          348      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::524288-589823          132      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::589824-655359           42      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::655360-720895           19      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::720896-786431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::786432-851967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          29990686                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            29990686                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           131259.840605                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          66908.098241                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                 2907      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000              285      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000             912      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000           11158      0.04%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000           13081      0.04%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000           20686      0.07%      0.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000          105554      0.35%      0.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000          102093      0.34%      0.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000           98946      0.33%      1.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000          350558      1.17%      2.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000          395268      1.32%      3.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000          289494      0.97%      4.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000          425487      1.42%      6.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000          924005      3.08%      9.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000          555954      1.85%     10.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000          607337      2.03%     13.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000         1140170      3.80%     16.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000         1204000      4.01%     20.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000          833078      2.78%     23.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000        1298810      4.33%     27.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows          21610903     72.06%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value           6527000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              29990686                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             18953                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         208145674.827204                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1250440987.489588                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             5      0.03%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             1      0.01%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             3      0.02%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             4      0.02%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             8      0.04%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             4      0.02%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             9      0.05%      0.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             6      0.03%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             8      0.04%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             8      0.04%      0.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            18      0.09%      0.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            24      0.13%      0.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            14      0.07%      0.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           14      0.07%      0.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           18825     99.32%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           23000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9851433000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               18953                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              30009639                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             131176.962442                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            66792.562703                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                   2908      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                285      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000               914      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000             11174      0.04%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000             13150      0.04%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000             20751      0.07%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000            105650      0.35%      0.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000            102540      0.34%      0.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             99199      0.33%      1.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000            350877      1.17%      2.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000            396301      1.32%      3.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000            290151      0.97%      4.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000            426134      1.42%      6.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000            924491      3.08%      9.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000            559195      1.86%     11.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000            608404      2.03%     13.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000           1140941      3.80%     16.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000           1206517      4.02%     20.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000            834307      2.78%     23.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000          1300712      4.33%     27.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows            21615038     72.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value             6527000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                30009639                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.746586                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.531594                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           118134     30.01%     30.01% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1           257153     65.32%     95.33% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2            18362      4.66%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                7      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          393656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            76.184964                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean           72.301024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           18.445540                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                    53      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                14121      3.59%      3.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                 134      0.03%      3.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                2445      0.62%      4.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                3164      0.80%      5.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                2797      0.71%      5.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55               18687      4.75%     10.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63               22302      5.67%     16.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71               41732     10.60%     26.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79              119122     30.26%     57.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87               49451     12.56%     69.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95               76626     19.47%     89.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103              42599     10.82%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111               423      0.11%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.048144                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.353009                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 383758     97.49%     97.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   4914      1.25%     98.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                   2522      0.64%     99.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                   1407      0.36%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                    671      0.17%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    262      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     82      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                     33      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     29990392                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     29990392    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      29990392                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19216                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19216    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19216                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     1950316011.949519                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    1850890835.421248                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    472190274.099433                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08          112      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08        14098      3.58%      3.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08         2538      0.64%      4.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09         5042      1.28%      5.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09        14686      3.73%      9.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09        17252      4.38%     13.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09        62261     15.82%     29.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09       114413     29.06%     58.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09       119089     30.25%     88.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09        44132     11.21%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09           33      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        1950310596.564495      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                7677540352                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1249643.343427                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9156402.634888                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       383734     97.48%     97.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         4805      1.22%     98.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2627      0.67%     99.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1416      0.36%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          655      0.17%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          281      0.07%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           95      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           35      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       1249639.165223      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                4919296                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        29990392                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       97618.675294                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      97019.904405                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      13467.954777                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-65535            4619      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-131071     29161081     97.23%     97.25% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-196607       710903      2.37%     99.62% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-262143       103251      0.34%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-327679         8554      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::327680-393215          843      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::393216-458751          621      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::458752-524287          329      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::524288-589823          128      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::589824-655359           46      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::655360-720895           14      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::720896-786431            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::786432-851967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          29990392                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            29990392                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           131261.150871                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          66915.910877                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                 2892      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000              258      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000             915      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000           11290      0.04%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000           13218      0.04%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000           20607      0.07%      0.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000          105779      0.35%      0.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000          102119      0.34%      0.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000           99006      0.33%      1.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000          350175      1.17%      2.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000          395193      1.32%      3.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000          288853      0.96%      4.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000          424810      1.42%      6.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000          924429      3.08%      9.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000          557369      1.86%     10.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000          607789      2.03%     13.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000         1138161      3.80%     16.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000         1203527      4.01%     20.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000          832825      2.78%     23.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000        1301050      4.34%     27.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows          21610127     72.06%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value           9132000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              29990392                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             19216                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         204598291.163614                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1250469185.275888                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             4      0.02%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             1      0.01%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             2      0.01%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             7      0.04%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             7      0.04%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             8      0.04%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            13      0.07%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            14      0.07%      0.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             8      0.04%      0.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            17      0.09%      0.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            22      0.11%      0.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            25      0.13%      0.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            18      0.09%      0.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           24      0.12%      0.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19045     99.11%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           18000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10009386000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               19216                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              30009608                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             131177.078721                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            66801.685128                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                   2892      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                258      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000               916      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000             11309      0.04%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000             13310      0.04%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000             20658      0.07%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000            105882      0.35%      0.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000            102562      0.34%      0.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             99262      0.33%      1.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000            350491      1.17%      2.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000            396309      1.32%      3.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000            289484      0.96%      4.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000            425444      1.42%      6.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000            924906      3.08%      9.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000            560610      1.87%     11.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000            608943      2.03%     13.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000           1138934      3.80%     16.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000           1206173      4.02%     20.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000            834088      2.78%     23.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000          1302991      4.34%     27.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows            21614186     72.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value             9132000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                30009608                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.746223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.531222                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           118169     30.02%     30.02% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1           257221     65.34%     95.36% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2            18264      4.64%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                2      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          393656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            76.184217                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean           72.300364                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           18.445108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                    52      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                14117      3.59%      3.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                 144      0.04%      3.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                2434      0.62%      4.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                3164      0.80%      5.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                2816      0.72%      5.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55               18667      4.74%     10.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63               22291      5.66%     16.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71               41762     10.61%     26.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79              119082     30.25%     57.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87               49483     12.57%     69.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95               76606     19.46%     89.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103              42599     10.82%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111               439      0.11%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.048814                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.357672                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 383734     97.48%     97.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   4805      1.22%     98.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                   2627      0.67%     99.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                   1416      0.36%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                    655      0.17%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                    281      0.07%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     95      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     35      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    119962162                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271    119962162    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      119962162                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        76382                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.996662                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.981416                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.922666                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        76381    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         76382                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      7801299489.909972                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     7403869650.426037                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     1888209729.620175                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.07374e+09          101      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-2.14748e+09        14114      3.59%      3.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-3.22123e+09         2526      0.64%      4.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-4.29497e+09         5105      1.30%      5.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-5.36871e+09        14014      3.56%      9.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+09-6.44245e+09        20771      5.28%     14.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.44245e+09-7.51619e+09        57888     14.71%     29.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.51619e+09-8.58993e+09       116953     29.71%     58.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.58993e+09-9.66368e+09       117881     29.95%     88.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.66368e+09-1.07374e+10        44301     11.25%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+10-1.18112e+10            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.18112e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.28849e+10-1.39586e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.39586e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.50324e+10-1.61061e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.71799e+10-1.82536e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.82536e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.93274e+10-2.04011e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.04011e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           393656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         7801278023.344914      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                30710301696                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     4967163.208487                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    30882625.592467                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       381897     97.01%     97.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1896      0.48%     97.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         1476      0.37%     97.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         2566      0.65%     98.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1079      0.27%     98.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          988      0.25%     99.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1709      0.43%     99.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          613      0.16%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          461      0.12%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          557      0.14%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08          172      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08          106      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           95      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08           23      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          393656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        4967146.854719      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                19553537                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        119962116                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        110448.855562                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       109563.637002                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       16609.134001                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-65535            16911      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-131071    112827832     94.05%     94.07% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-196607      6237823      5.20%     99.27% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-262143       714025      0.60%     99.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-327679       152688      0.13%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-393215         7824      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-458751         2467      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-524287         1367      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-589823          834      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-655359          243      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::655360-720895           90      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::720896-786431           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::786432-851967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          119962116                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            119962162                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            32815.123501                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           29613.006003                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000              12385069     10.32%     10.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000           6683318      5.57%     15.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000         10840472      9.04%     24.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         26523184     22.11%     47.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000          6494339      5.41%     52.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000          6596393      5.50%     57.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000         10749944      8.96%     66.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          5741408      4.79%     71.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          3843247      3.20%     74.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          6142198      5.12%     80.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          4263299      3.55%     83.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          2485155      2.07%     85.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          2545296      2.12%     87.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          2924609      2.44%     90.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          1611258      1.34%     91.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          1397516      1.16%     92.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          1503367      1.25%     93.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          1541851      1.29%     95.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           773567      0.64%     95.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000          923729      0.77%     96.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows            3992943      3.33%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            5501500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              119962162                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              76382                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          51537969.181221                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         572131644.932505                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            788      1.03%      1.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             86      0.11%      1.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            108      0.14%      1.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            517      0.68%      1.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            171      0.22%      2.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            133      0.17%      2.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            335      0.44%      2.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            217      0.28%      3.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            165      0.22%      3.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            177      0.23%      3.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            272      0.36%      3.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            156      0.20%      4.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            206      0.27%      4.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            256      0.34%      4.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            239      0.31%      5.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            167      0.22%      5.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           202      0.26%      5.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            72187     94.51%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       9736572500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                76382                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              120038544                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              32794.242839                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             29593.555820                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                12393714     10.32%     10.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000             6692355      5.58%     15.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000           10850522      9.04%     24.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           26561723     22.13%     47.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            6507103      5.42%     52.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            6599604      5.50%     57.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000           10750970      8.96%     66.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            5747799      4.79%     71.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            3843746      3.20%     74.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            6141165      5.12%     80.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            4265639      3.55%     83.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            2484802      2.07%     85.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            2543892      2.12%     87.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            2922535      2.43%     90.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            1614636      1.35%     91.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            1395792      1.16%     92.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            1501482      1.25%     93.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            1540149      1.28%     95.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000             772423      0.64%     95.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            922303      0.77%     96.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows              3986190      3.32%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              5501500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                120038544                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       3.360729                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.411083                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              9401      2.39%      2.39% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1             28951      7.35%      9.74% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2             63830     16.21%     25.96% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3            107470     27.30%     53.26% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4            103079     26.19%     79.44% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5             58078     14.75%     94.20% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6             19016      4.83%     99.03% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7              3500      0.89%     99.92% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8               331      0.08%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        393656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           393656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       393656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            304.738373                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean           289.213270                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            73.760159                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                    53      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                14120      3.59%      3.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                  189      0.05%      3.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                2400      0.61%      4.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159               3957      1.01%      5.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191               2155      0.55%      5.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223              18611      4.73%     10.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255              27047      6.87%     17.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287              37754      9.59%     27.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319             119005     30.23%     57.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351              56375     14.32%     71.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383              69523     17.66%     89.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415              42341     10.76%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                126      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.194030                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.206353                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                381897     97.01%     97.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  3372      0.86%     97.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                  2566      0.65%     98.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                  2067      0.53%     99.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                  1709      0.43%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                1074      0.27%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                 557      0.14%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                 278      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  95      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                  32      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              393656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimReqForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimRespForwardingFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   101824718                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                  19453508                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   22051041                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      714                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     7                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               121278226                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               22051755                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        123875759                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                       19454222                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    143329981                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   164341067                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               164341067                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.hits                        164341067                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    164341067                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.numCycles                      7678644306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.committedInsts                  164331028                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.committedOps                    164585045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            144547689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      70837                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     20041333                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   144547689                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          310662351                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         102485997                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           799303066                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           60254846                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    123892231                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  101833440                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  22058791                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              756886740.067829                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6921757565.932171                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.901430                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.098570                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.Branches                         20118154                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 40704913     24.73%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    9399      0.01%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                48      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.73% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               101833440     61.86%     86.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               22058791     13.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::total                 164606591                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      18                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            21693                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          164522558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            21693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          7584.131194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        328703827                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       328703827                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst    164319374                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      164319374                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst    164319374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       164319374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst    164319374                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      164319374                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21693                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21693                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         21693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21693                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        21693                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1982977811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1982977811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1982977811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1982977811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1982977811                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1982977811                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    164341067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    164341067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    164341067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    164341067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    164341067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    164341067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 91410.953349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91410.953349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 91410.953349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91410.953349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 91410.953349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91410.953349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1929283189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1929283189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1929283189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1929283189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1929283189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1929283189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 88935.748352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88935.748352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 88935.748352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88935.748352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 88935.748352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88935.748352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              5568                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         22335991                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          252.295681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          135232051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         22335991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.054446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   252.295681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.985530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        270088694                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       270088694                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     79483593                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       79483593                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     22043144                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22043144                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1724                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1724                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    101526737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       101526737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    101528461                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      101528461                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     22335508                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22335508                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         5137                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5137                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          411                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          411                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          450                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          450                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     22340645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      22340645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     22341056                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     22341056                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2465723399230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2465723399230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    524814039                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    524814039                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     56516935                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     56516935                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1799496                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1799496                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        94000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2466248213269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2466248213269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2466248213269                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2466248213269                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    101819101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    101819101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     22048281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22048281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2135                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2135                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2389                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2389                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    123867382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    123867382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    123869517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    123869517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.219365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.192506                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.192506                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.186335                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.186335                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.032231                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032231                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110394.775853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110394.775853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 102163.527156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102163.527156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125593.188889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125593.188889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23370.077922                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23370.077922                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110392.883163                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110392.883163                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110390.852307                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110390.852307                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9354                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9354                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          411                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          411                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     22335508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22335508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          411                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          411                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     22340645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     22340645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     22341056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     22341056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2417114983838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2417114983838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    514475189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514475189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     53967562                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53967562                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2431503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2431503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1656504                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1656504                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        88000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2417629459027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2417629459027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2417683426589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2417683426589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     37323244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     37323244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     11853502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11853502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     49176746                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     49176746                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.219365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.192506                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192506                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.016149                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030557                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030557                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 108218.491553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108218.491553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 100150.903056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100150.903056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 131307.936740                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131307.936740                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 62346.230769                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62346.230769                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22691.835616                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22691.835616                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 108216.636495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108216.636495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 108217.061297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108217.061297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry            678156                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   108580075                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                  20787145                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   23334149                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      762                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               129367220                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               23334911                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        131914224                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                       20787907                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    152702131                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   175112764                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               175112764                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.hits                        175112764                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    175112764                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.numCycles                      7678644502                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.committedInsts                  175103628                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.committedOps                    175360936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            153952104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      70935                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     21408330                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   153952104                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          330754865                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         109245999                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           851888386                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           64353954                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    131927856                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  108588474                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  23339382                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              299345069.390382                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7379299432.609618                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.961016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.038984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.Branches                         21487016                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 43442105     24.77%     24.77% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    9757      0.01%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               108588474     61.92%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               23339382     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::total                 175379734                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      24                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            21314                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          175278894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            21314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          8223.650840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        350246842                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       350246842                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst    175091450                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      175091450                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst    175091450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       175091450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst    175091450                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      175091450                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21314                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21314                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         21314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21314                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        21314                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1967668418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1967668418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1967668418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1967668418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1967668418                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1967668418                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    175112764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    175112764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    175112764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    175112764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    175112764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    175112764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 92318.120390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92318.120390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 92318.120390                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92318.120390                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 92318.120390                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92318.120390                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1914467582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1914467582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1914467582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1914467582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1914467582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1914467582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 89822.069156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89822.069156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 89822.069156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89822.069156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 89822.069156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89822.069156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              5954                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         23870209                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.620998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          224595464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23870209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.409028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   254.620998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.994613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        287699897                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       287699897                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     84704864                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       84704864                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     23326637                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23326637                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1671                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    108031501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       108031501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    108033172                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      108033172                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     23869699                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23869699                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4803                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4803                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          425                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          425                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          448                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          448                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     23874502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      23874502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     23874927                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     23874927                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2626517326370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2626517326370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    573649069                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    573649069                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     53527417                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     53527417                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1723498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1723498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        35500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2627090975439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2627090975439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2627090975439                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2627090975439                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    108574563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    108574563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     23331440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23331440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2096                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2096                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    131906003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    131906003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    131908099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    131908099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.202767                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.202767                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.191945                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.191945                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.040587                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040587                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 110035.628282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110035.628282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119435.575474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119435.575474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119480.841518                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119480.841518                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18335.085106                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18335.085106                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 110037.519335                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110037.519335                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 110035.560546                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110035.560546                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9423                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             9423                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          425                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          425                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     23869699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23869699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          425                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          425                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     23874502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23874502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     23874927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23874927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2574261582138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2574261582138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    563922325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563922325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     52535079                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52535079                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       897504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       897504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1545502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1545502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2574825504463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2574825504463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2574878039542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2574878039542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     37947767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     37947767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     13273506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13273506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     51221273                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     51221273                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.202767                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202767                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.009854                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009854                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.038860                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038860                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 107846.419938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107846.419938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117410.436186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117410.436186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 123611.950588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123611.950588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 39021.913043                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39021.913043                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17172.244444                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17172.244444                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 107848.343997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107848.343997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 107848.624607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107848.624607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry            698248                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   109496110                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                  20932522                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   23648931                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      767                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     7                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               130428632                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               23649698                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        133145041                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                       20933289                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    154078330                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                   176771757                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses               176771757                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.hits                        176771757                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                    176771757                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.numCycles                      7718642065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.committedInsts                  176761178                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.committedOps                    177074410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            155495262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      83426                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     21578827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   155495262                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          334064402                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         110315516                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           859800670                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           64903967                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    133164141                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  109507543                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  23656598                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              260708742.187749                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7457933322.812251                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.966223                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.033777                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.Branches                         21671871                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 43925853     24.80%     24.80% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9921      0.01%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                32      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.81% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               109507543     61.83%     86.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               23656598     13.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::total                 177099947                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            29583                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          176893725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            29583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          5979.573573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        353573097                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       353573097                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst    176742174                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      176742174                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst    176742174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       176742174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst    176742174                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      176742174                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29583                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        29583                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         29583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29583                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        29583                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1993407621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1993407621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1993407621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1993407621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1993407621                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1993407621                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    176771757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    176771757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    176771757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    176771757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    176771757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    176771757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 67383.552074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67383.552074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 67383.552074                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67383.552074                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 67383.552074                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67383.552074                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1928621379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1928621379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1928621379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1928621379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1928621379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1928621379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 65193.569922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65193.569922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 65193.569922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65193.569922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 65193.569922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65193.569922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry              2805                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         24040187                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.672200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          109108503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         24040187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.538588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   255.672200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.998720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        290330262                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       290330262                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data     85448541                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       85448541                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data     23639487                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23639487                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         4426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         4426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2372                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2372                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data    109088028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       109088028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data    109092454                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      109092454                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data     24038018                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24038018                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         5859                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5859                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          811                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          811                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          839                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          839                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          505                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          505                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data     24043877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      24043877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data     24044688                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     24044688                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2638401162882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2638401162882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    459661061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    459661061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     81656999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     81656999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7886998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7886998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2638860823943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2638860823943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2638860823943                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2638860823943                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    109486559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    109486559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     23645346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23645346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         5237                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         5237                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3211                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3211                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data    133131905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133131905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data    133137142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133137142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.219552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.154860                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.154860                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.261289                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.261289                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.158258                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.158258                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 109759.513571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109759.513571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 78453.842123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78453.842123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 97326.578069                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97326.578069                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 15617.817822                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15617.817822                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 109751.885020                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109751.885020                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 109748.183214                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109748.183214                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12262                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            12262                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     24038018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     24038018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          811                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          811                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     24043877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24043877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     24044688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24044688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2586497976850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2586497976850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    447849269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    447849269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     80263501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80263501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1353500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1353500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6875002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6875002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2586945826119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2586945826119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2587026089620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2587026089620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     38710663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     38710663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     12678501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     12678501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     51389164                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     51389164                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.219552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.154860                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154860                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.008720                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008720                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.158258                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158258                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 107600.301192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107600.301192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 76437.833931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76437.833931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 98968.558570                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98968.558570                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 48339.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48339.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13613.865347                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13613.865347                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 107592.707537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107592.707537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 107592.416654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107592.416654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry            687922                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   105301940                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                  20087616                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   22929225                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      738                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     6                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               125389556                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               22929963                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        128231165                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                       20088354                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    148319519                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                   169996802                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses               169996802                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.hits                        169996802                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                    169996802                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.numCycles                      7678645006                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.committedInsts                  169987319                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.committedOps                    170243168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            149553234                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      71341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     20690787                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   149553234                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          321550165                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         105966393                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           826704512                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           62200678                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    128246053                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  105310310                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  22935743                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              546347703.496477                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              7132297302.503523                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.928848                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.071152                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.Branches                         20769542                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 42007562     24.67%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9551      0.01%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                36      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               105310310     61.85%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               22935743     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::total                 170263202                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      21                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            21552                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          170116756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            21552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          7893.316444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        340015156                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       340015156                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst    169975250                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      169975250                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst    169975250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       169975250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst    169975250                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      169975250                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        21552                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21552                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        21552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         21552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        21552                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        21552                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1979229614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1979229614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1979229614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1979229614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1979229614                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1979229614                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    169996802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169996802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    169996802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    169996802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    169996802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    169996802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 91835.078601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91835.078601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 91835.078601                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91835.078601                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 91835.078601                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91835.078601                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        21552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        21552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        21552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1925840386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1925840386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1925840386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1925840386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1925840386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1925840386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 89357.850130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89357.850130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 89357.850130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89357.850130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 89357.850130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89357.850130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry              5895                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         23066822                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.182177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          223253709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23066822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.678564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   253.182177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.988993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        279530999                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       279530999                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data     82229856                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       82229856                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data     22921684                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22921684                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1349                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1349                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2313                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2313                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data    105151540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       105151540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data    105152889                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      105152889                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data     23066448                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23066448                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         4746                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4746                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           97                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           97                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data     23071194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      23071194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data     23071991                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     23071991                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2538476361835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2538476361835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    537084552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    537084552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     59116930                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     59116930                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1939999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1939999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        73000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        73000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2539013446387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2539013446387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2539013446387                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2539013446387                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    105296304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    105296304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     22926430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22926430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2146                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2146                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2410                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2410                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data    128222734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    128222734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data    128224880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    128224880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.219062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.371389                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.371389                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.341793                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.341793                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.040249                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040249                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 110050.596513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110050.596513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113165.729456                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113165.729456                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 70798.718563                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70798.718563                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 19999.989691                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19999.989691                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 110051.237330                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110051.237330                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 110047.435715                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110047.435715                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9700                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             9700                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     23066448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23066448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     23071194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23071194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     23071991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23071991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2488283265497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2488283265497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    527478808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    527478808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     57195065                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57195065                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1833505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1833505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1757001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1757001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2488810744305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2488810744305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2488867939370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2488867939370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     36933744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     36933744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     12854503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     12854503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     49788247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     49788247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.219062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.371389                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371389                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.015964                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015964                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.039419                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039419                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107874.574598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107874.574598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 111141.763169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111141.763169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 71762.942284                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71762.942284                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 47012.948718                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47012.948718                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18494.747368                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18494.747368                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107875.246695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107875.246695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107873.999230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107873.999230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry            676911                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                   112936743                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                  21557043                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                   24534350                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                      795                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     6                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses               134493786                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses               24535145                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                        137471093                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                       21557838                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                    159028931                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                   182270319                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses               182270319                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.hits                        182270319                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                    182270319                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.numCycles                      7873081348                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.committedInsts                  182260890                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.committedOps                    182527916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses            160325925                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      73342                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts     22201670                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                   160325925                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads          344683790                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes         113626914                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads           886463130                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           66738838                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                    137485727                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                  112945584                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                  24540143                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              85958.324592                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              7872995389.675408                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.999989                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.000011                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.Branches                         22283458                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 45052094     24.68%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   10016      0.01%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead               112945584     61.87%     86.56% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite               24540143     13.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::total                 182547857                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      27                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            22253                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs          182372032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          8195.390824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses        364562891                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses       364562891                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst    182248066                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      182248066                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst    182248066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total       182248066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst    182248066                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total      182248066                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22253                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22253                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         22253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22253                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        22253                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2005174451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2005174451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2005174451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2005174451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2005174451                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2005174451                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst    182270319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    182270319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst    182270319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total    182270319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst    182270319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total    182270319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 90108.050645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90108.050645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 90108.050645                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90108.050645                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 90108.050645                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90108.050645                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1949537549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1949537549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1949537549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1949537549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1949537549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1949537549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 87607.852829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87607.852829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 87607.852829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87607.852829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 87607.852829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87607.852829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry              6228                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements         24755107                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.992890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs           19988554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         24755107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.807452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   255.992890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        299699464                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses       299699464                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data     88175812                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       88175812                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data     24526388                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      24526388                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1738                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1738                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2278                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2278                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data    112702200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total       112702200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data    112703938                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total      112703938                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data     24755178                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24755178                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         5169                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5169                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          449                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          449                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          105                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          105                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data     24760347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total      24760347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data     24760796                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total     24760796                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2737147305285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2737147305285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    550852494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    550852494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     56385914                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     56385914                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1613497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1613497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        67500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        67500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2737698157779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2737698157779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2737698157779                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2737698157779                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    112930990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    112930990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data     24531557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24531557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2187                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2187                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2383                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2383                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data    137462547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total    137462547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data    137464734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total    137464734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.219206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.205304                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.205304                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.197020                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.197020                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.044062                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044062                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.180124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.180125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 110568.678007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110568.678007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 106568.484039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106568.484039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 118457.802521                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118457.802521                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 15366.638095                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15366.638095                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 110567.842922                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110567.842922                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 110565.837939                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110565.837939                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9760                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             9760                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data          445                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          445                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     24755178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     24755178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         5169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          449                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          449                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          102                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     24760347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24760347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     24760796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24760796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2683380635951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683380635951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    540465598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540465598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     54982581                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54982581                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1290505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1290505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1413503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1413503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        61500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2683921101549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683921101549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2683976084130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683976084130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     40770754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     40770754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     13437505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13437505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     54208259                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     54208259                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.219206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.205304                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205304                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.012831                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012831                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.042803                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042803                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.180124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.180125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 108396.741722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108396.741722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 104559.024570                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104559.024570                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 122455.636971                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122455.636971                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 41629.193548                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41629.193548                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13857.872549                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13857.872549                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 108395.940556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108395.940556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 108396.195507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108396.195507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry            684175                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                   108657878                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                  20699288                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                   23769539                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                      767                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     3                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses               129357166                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses               23770306                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                        132427417                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                       20700055                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                    153127472                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                   175469134                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses               175469134                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.hits                        175469134                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                    175469134                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.numCycles                      7678645416                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.committedInsts                  175459457                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.committedOps                    175725084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses            154402485                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      73466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts     21323085                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                   154402485                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads          332071856                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes         109344675                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads           853219889                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           64101578                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                    132442681                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                  108666586                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                  23776095                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              314784645.286929                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              7363860770.713071                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.959005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.040995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.Branches                         21404633                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 43293081     24.63%     24.63% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                    9823      0.01%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                40      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead               108666586     61.83%     86.47% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite               23776095     13.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::total                 175745625                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            22132                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs          175508374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          7930.072926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses        350960400                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses       350960400                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst    175447002                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      175447002                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst    175447002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total       175447002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst    175447002                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total      175447002                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22132                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22132                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         22132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22132                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        22132                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2019696972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2019696972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2019696972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2019696972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2019696972                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2019696972                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst    175469134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    175469134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst    175469134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total    175469134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst    175469134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total    175469134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 91256.866618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91256.866618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 91256.866618                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91256.866618                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 91256.866618                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91256.866618                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1964618028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1964618028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1964618028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1964618028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1964618028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1964618028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 88768.210193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88768.210193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 88768.210193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88768.210193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 88768.210193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88768.210193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry              6101                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements         23768745                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.691895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs          108659264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23768745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.571519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   254.691895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.994890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        288625687                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses       288625687                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data     84883197                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       84883197                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data     23761634                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23761634                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1742                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2028                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2028                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2363                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2363                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data    108644831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total       108644831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data    108646573                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total      108646573                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data     23768860                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23768860                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         5042                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5042                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          448                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          448                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data     23773902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total      23773902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data     23774350                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total     23774350                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2623061902028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2623061902028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    545479198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    545479198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     55396451                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     55396451                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2201500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2201500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2623607381226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2623607381226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2623607381226                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2623607381226                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    108652057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    108652057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data     23766676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23766676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2190                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2190                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2501                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2501                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data    132418733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total    132418733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data    132420923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total    132420923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.218761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.204566                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.204566                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.189124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.189124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.042156                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042156                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.179536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.179536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 110357.076529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110357.076529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 108187.068227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108187.068227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117117.232558                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117117.232558                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21168.269231                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21168.269231                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 110356.616311                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110356.616311                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 110354.536769                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110354.536769                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9267                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             9267                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data          447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     23768860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23768860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          448                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     23773902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23773902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     23774350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23774350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2571346890228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571346890228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    535311372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    535311372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     54088049                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54088049                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1229500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1229500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1993500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1993500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2571882201600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571882201600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2571936289649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571936289649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     40110677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     40110677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     13179001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13179001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     53289678                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     53289678                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.218761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.204566                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204566                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.010396                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010396                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.042156                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042156                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.179536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.179536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 108181.330120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108181.330120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 106170.442681                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106170.442681                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 120732.252232                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120732.252232                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 47288.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47288.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19168.269231                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19168.269231                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 108180.903648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108180.903648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 108181.140164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108181.140164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry            686899                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                   106881689                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                  20284879                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                   23696287                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                      752                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     9                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses               127166568                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses               23697039                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                        130577976                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                       20285631                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                    150863607                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                   172767785                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses               172767788                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.hits                        172767785                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                    172767788                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.numCycles                      7678645923                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.committedInsts                  172757803                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.committedOps                    173021386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses            152123297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      72686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts     20897372                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                   152123297                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads          327442073                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes         107565870                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads           839777117                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           62822216                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                    130592132                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                  106890385                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                  23701747                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              470785336.791725                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              7207860586.208276                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.938689                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.061311                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.Branches                         20978024                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 42438952     24.53%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                    9686      0.01%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                48      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead               106890385     61.77%     86.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite               23701747     13.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::total                 173040818                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      22                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements            22264                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs          172746794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          7759.018775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses        345557834                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses       345557834                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst    172745521                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      172745521                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst    172745521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total       172745521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst    172745521                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total      172745521                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst        22264                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22264                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst        22264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total         22264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst        22264                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total        22264                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   2012702385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2012702385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   2012702385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2012702385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   2012702385                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2012702385                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst    172767785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    172767785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst    172767785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total    172767785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst    172767785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total    172767785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 90401.652219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90401.652219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 90401.652219                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90401.652219                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 90401.652219                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90401.652219                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        22264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        22264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        22264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1957138615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1957138615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1957138615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1957138615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1957138615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1957138615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 87905.974443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87905.974443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 87905.974443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87905.974443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 87905.974443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87905.974443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry              6128                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements         23293003                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.905836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs           18866402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23293003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.809960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     31192738266006                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   253.905836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.991820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        284450119                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses       284450119                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data     83583147                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       83583147                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data     23688370                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23688370                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         1837                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1837                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data    107271517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total       107271517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data    107273354                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total      107273354                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data     23292516                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23292516                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         4922                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4922                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          431                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          431                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          460                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          460                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data     23297438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total      23297438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data     23297869                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total     23297869                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2565835977824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2565835977824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    535419937                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    535419937                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     55487940                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     55487940                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2520000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2520000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        15500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        15500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2566371397761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2566371397761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2566371397761                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2566371397761                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data    106875663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    106875663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data     23693292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23693292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2642                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2642                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2612                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2612                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data    130568955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total    130568955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data    130571223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total    130571223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.217940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.217940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.190035                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.190035                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.174111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.174111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.041348                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.041348                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.178430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.178430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 110157.098436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110157.098436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 108780.970540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108780.970540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 120625.956522                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120625.956522                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 23333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 110156.807704                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110156.807704                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 110154.769853                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110154.769853                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9511                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             9511                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data          425                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          425                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     23292516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23292516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         4922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          431                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     23297438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23297438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     23297869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23297869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2515036658718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2515036658718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    525510075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525510075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     53911059                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53911059                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1474999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1474999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2310000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2310000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         9500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2515562168793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2515562168793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2515616079852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2515616079852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     38664542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     38664542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     12932504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     12932504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     51597046                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     51597046                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.217940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.190035                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190035                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013248                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013248                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.041348                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041348                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.178430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.178430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 107976.169630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107976.169630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 106767.589395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106767.589395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 125083.663573                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125083.663573                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 42142.828571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42142.828571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 21388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 107975.914296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107975.914296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 107976.230781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107976.230781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry            690775                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                   106802370                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                  20506166                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                   22701542                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                      766                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     6                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses               127308536                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses               22702308                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                        129503912                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                       20506932                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                    150010844                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                   172167777                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses               172167781                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.hits                        172167777                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                    172167781                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.numCycles                      7873146392                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.committedInsts                  172157418                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.committedOps                    172424208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses            151295536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   209                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      74517                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts     21129621                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                   151295536                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          209                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads          324781437                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes         107497248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                 145                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads           837752503                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           63520623                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                    129519726                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                  106811260                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                  22708466                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              388391993.952425                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              7484754398.047575                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.950669                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.049331                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.Branches                         21212024                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 42915776     24.89%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                    9810      0.01%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                55      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead               106811260     61.94%     86.83% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite               22708466     13.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::total                 172445368                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      23                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements            22650                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs          172095761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          7598.046843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses        344358204                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses       344358204                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst    172145127                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      172145127                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst    172145127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total       172145127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst    172145127                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total      172145127                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst        22650                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22650                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst        22650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total         22650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst        22650                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total        22650                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   2043252638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2043252638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   2043252638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2043252638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   2043252638                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2043252638                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst    172167777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    172167777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst    172167777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total    172167777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst    172167777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total    172167777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 90209.829492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90209.829492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 90209.829492                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90209.829492                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 90209.829492                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90209.829492                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        22650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        22650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        22650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1987899362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1987899362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1987899362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1987899362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1987899362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1987899362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 87765.976247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87765.976247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 87765.976247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87765.976247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 87765.976247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87765.976247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry              6100                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements         23550034                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.651850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs          106003105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23550034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.501187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   254.651850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.994734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        282557149                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses       282557149                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data     83247846                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       83247846                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data     22695276                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22695276                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1443                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1443                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data    105943122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total       105943122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data    105944565                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total      105944565                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data     23548596                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23548596                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         3272                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3272                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          824                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          824                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          125                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data     23551868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total      23551868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data     23552692                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total     23552692                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2601337168635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2601337168635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    522274514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    522274514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     59028426                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     59028426                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2945996                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2945996                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         6000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2601859443149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2601859443149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2601859443149                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2601859443149                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data    106796442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    106796442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data     22698548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22698548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2267                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2267                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data    129494990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total    129494990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data    129497257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total    129497257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.220500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363476                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.363476                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.329268                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048095                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048095                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.181875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.181878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 110466.762801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110466.762801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 159619.350244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159619.350244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 68319.937500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68319.937500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23567.968000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23567.968000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 110473.591443                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110473.591443                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 110469.726482                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110469.726482                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10632                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total            10632                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data          823                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          823                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     23548596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23548596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         3272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          824                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          824                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     23551868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23551868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     23552692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23552692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2550274636935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2550274636935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    515620756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    515620756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     56979071                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56979071                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1917503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1917503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2694004                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2694004                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2550790257691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2550790257691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2550847236762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2550847236762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     34891411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     34891411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     13380500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13380500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     48271911                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48271911                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.220500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363476                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363476                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015625                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015625                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048095                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048095                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.181875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.181878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 108298.373157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108298.373157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 157585.805623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157585.805623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 69149.358010                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69149.358010                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 46768.365854                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46768.365854                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21552.032000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21552.032000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 108305.220532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108305.220532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 108303.850650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108303.850650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry            680308                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 3936573162000 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp8_sim_ticks]
