sim_seconds                                  4.051203                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4051203435000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               35867829814500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1490504                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1510938                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1012491175                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2640536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4001.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5963840809                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    6045602202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        36096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    224044544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    237711104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    240460544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        33024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    229666560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    254900992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    243780864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    227844352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    238038272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total       1896778496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        36096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        29440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        33024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        19456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total       211712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       945152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        945152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       875174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       928559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       939299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       897135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       995707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       952269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       890017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       929837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total           7409291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         3692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             3692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         8910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55303207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         5561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     58676664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         7267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59355337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         8152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56690947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         4613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62919820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60174925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         8278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56241153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         8341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58757423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total           468201246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         4613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         8278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          52259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        233302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             233302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        233302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         8910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55303207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         5561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     58676664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         7267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59355337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         8152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56690947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         4613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62919820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60174925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         8278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56241153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         8341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58757423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total          468434548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                   7409291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     3692                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                59274328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  29536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM           1896434048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                344448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                856384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys            1896778496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             945152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                10764                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                2758                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           39                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0         7283481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1         7433688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2         7463992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3         7481712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4         7639440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5         7287096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6         7515088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7         7159067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0           22249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2            3113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5              72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                4051174636000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5            59274328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              29536                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0               6689934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1               6742966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2               6803093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3               6831305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4               6853269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5               6880096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6               6931222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7               7002650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                684841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                636436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10               581347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11               555672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12               535264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13               510200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14               462014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15               394283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                32387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                27675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                22807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                20390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                18898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                17185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                14322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                10700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                 1050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                  832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                  646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                  527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                  465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                  410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                  333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                  263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                 1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                 1219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                 1219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                 1219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                 1219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                 1219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                 1219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                 1219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                 1218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                 1218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                 1209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                 1206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                 1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                 1185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                 1176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                 1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples      7499129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.001440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.692319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.117649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63        30464      0.41%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29227      0.39%      0.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26795      0.36%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2860      0.04%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26785      0.36%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29217      0.39%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255        29892      0.40%      2.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7323889     97.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total      7499129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean 48436.226601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  5405.828733                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 68426.964867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          796     65.35%     65.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            3      0.25%     65.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            2      0.16%     65.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.16%     65.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.16%     66.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.16%     66.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            2      0.16%     66.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.16%     66.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            2      0.16%     66.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            3      0.25%     67.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.16%     67.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.08%     67.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.08%     67.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            6      0.49%     67.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            3      0.25%     68.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            4      0.33%     68.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.08%     68.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.08%     68.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            4      0.33%     68.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.08%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            2      0.16%     69.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            3      0.25%     69.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            5      0.41%     69.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            1      0.08%     69.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            5      0.41%     70.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           12      0.99%     71.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            7      0.57%     71.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            4      0.33%     72.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           15      1.23%     73.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           17      1.40%     74.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           22      1.81%     76.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           24      1.97%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           23      1.89%     80.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           31      2.55%     83.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           26      2.13%     85.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           29      2.38%     87.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           37      3.04%     90.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           34      2.79%     93.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           33      2.71%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           17      1.40%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           12      0.99%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            9      0.74%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            6      0.49%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            3      0.25%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::249856-253951            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total         1218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    21.972085                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    21.678536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.385533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16            215     17.65%     17.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17             67      5.50%     23.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18             27      2.22%     25.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19             15      1.23%     26.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::20             12      0.99%     27.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21             13      1.07%     28.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22             10      0.82%     29.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23             78      6.40%     35.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            640     52.55%     88.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::25            141     11.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total         1218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat               1840611260477                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat          2845128670277                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat             189643404800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   31058.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              48008.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                     468.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                  468.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       4.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   4.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits               51769105                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                 22092                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              82.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                   546497.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3159199279771                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT  536034726791                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          4847929833.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          4942437091.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          4935091795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          4855906540.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0            3270428856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1            3334183752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2            3329228592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3            3275809968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         31654066329.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1          32295651648                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         32250188006.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         31734646195.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        25694807.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        9196830.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        7096688.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        8150077.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      198323577437.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      198932191554.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      198882680132.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      198338711293.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      1799195285952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      1798661413920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      1798704844992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      1799182010640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        2603862155370.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        2604720246950.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        2604654302360.639648                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        2603940406869.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          79.178305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          79.204398                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          79.202393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          79.180685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        83200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    224006144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        61696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    237396480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        37376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    239942656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    229311488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        58624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    254539776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        41216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    243711488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        64256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    227447808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        33280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    237743360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total       1894710272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        83200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        61696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        37376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        67072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        58624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        41216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        64256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        64768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total       478208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       290048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        290048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       875024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       927330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       937276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       895748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       994296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       951998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           85                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       888468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       928685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total           7401212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         1133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             1133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55293729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        15229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     58599002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         9226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59227501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        16556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56603301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        14471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62830658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        10174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60157800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         5371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        15861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56143270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         8215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58684626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total           467690725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20537                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        16556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        14471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        10174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        15861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15987                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         118041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks         71596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total              71596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks         71596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55293729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        15229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     58599002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         9226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59227501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        16556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56603301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        14471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62830658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        10174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60157800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         5371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        15861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56143270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         8215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58684626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total          467762321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                   7401212                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     1133                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                59209696                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   9064                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM           1894205408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                504864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                137664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys            1894710272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             290048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                15777                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                4746                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0         7298778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1         7414661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2         7559425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3         7295967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4         7518916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5         7285808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6         7434476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7         7385888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2              88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3            1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4            1052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6              88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                4051203474000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5            59209696                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               9064                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0               6682064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1               6734845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2               6795954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3               6823639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4               6845270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5               6871761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6               6922978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7               6996010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                684319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                635969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10               580039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11               554805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12               534789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13               510080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14               461722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15               392525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                32207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                27545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                22552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                20213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                18658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                16923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                14131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                10377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                 1007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                  805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                  627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                  516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                  454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                  401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                  337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                  261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                   30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                   60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples      7487192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.011152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.714593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.072350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63        30069      0.40%      0.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29240      0.39%      0.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26778      0.36%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2776      0.04%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26788      0.36%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29243      0.39%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255        29548      0.39%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7312750     97.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total      7487192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean 317216.209677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 103900.328560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 344238.885859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767           34     18.28%     18.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32768-65535            3      1.61%     19.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::65536-98303            9      4.84%     24.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::98304-131071           10      5.38%     30.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::131072-163839           24     12.90%     43.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::163840-196607           14      7.53%     50.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::196608-229375            4      2.15%     52.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::229376-262143            7      3.76%     56.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::262144-294911            8      4.30%     60.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::294912-327679            8      4.30%     65.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::327680-360447            8      4.30%     69.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::360448-393215            2      1.08%     70.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::393216-425983            4      2.15%     72.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::425984-458751            9      4.84%     77.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::458752-491519            5      2.69%     80.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::491520-524287            5      2.69%     82.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::524288-557055            3      1.61%     84.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::589824-622591            2      1.08%     85.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::622592-655359            2      1.08%     86.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::655360-688127            1      0.54%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::688128-720895            3      1.61%     88.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::720896-753663            3      1.61%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::753664-786431            3      1.61%     91.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::786432-819199            3      1.61%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::819200-851967            1      0.54%     94.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::851968-884735            1      0.54%     94.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.08134e+06            1      0.54%     95.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.08134e+06-1.11411e+06            2      1.08%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.21242e+06            1      0.54%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.27795e+06            1      0.54%     97.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.34349e+06            1      0.54%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.5401e+06-1.57286e+06            1      0.54%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.60563e+06            1      0.54%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.86778e+06-1.90054e+06            2      1.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.129032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.950310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.651775                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16             14      7.53%      7.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::17              3      1.61%      9.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              6      3.23%     12.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.08%     13.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      1.61%     15.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.61%     16.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      1.08%     17.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::23              4      2.15%     19.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            103     55.38%     75.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::25             46     24.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat               1838250320211                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat          2841587247261                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat             189420540800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   31054.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              48004.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                     467.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                  467.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       4.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   4.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits               51707434                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  3595                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                   547286.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3160300554302                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT  534933660461                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          4865683737.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          4912282972.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          4906100707.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          4903223673.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0            3282405696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1            3313841688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2            3309671112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3            3307730256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         31799478796.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         32093322393.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         32049468172.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         32037085516.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        7459153.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        8495124.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        8922286.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        8838927.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      198398725781.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      198723899764.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      198684156026.880035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      198667080541.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      1799129366352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      1798844126016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      1798878988944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      1798893967440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        2604028291672.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        2604441140113.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        2604382479403.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        2604363098509.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          79.183357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          79.195911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          79.194127                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          79.193538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       119808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    226727680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    240495616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       338944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    243011328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       136448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    232730368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       129280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    257591296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       115968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    246675200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst       125184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    229982976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       128256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    240872448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total       1919407360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       119808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       119040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       338944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       136448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       129280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       115968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst       125184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       128256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total      1212928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks      2016000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total       2016000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       885655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       939436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       949263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       909103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1006216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       963575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       898371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       940908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total           7497685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         7875                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             7875                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        29573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55965513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        29384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59363994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        83665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59984973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        33681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     57447218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        31912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63583896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        28626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60889364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         3981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker           63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        30900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56769051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        31659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     59457011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total           473786960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        29573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        29384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        83665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        33681                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        31912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        28626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        30900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        31659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         299399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        497630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             497630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        497630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        29573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55965513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        29384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59363994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        83665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59984973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        33681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     57447218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        31912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63583896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        28626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60889364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         3981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker           63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        30900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56769051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        31659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     59457011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total          474284590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                   7497685                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     7875                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                59981480                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  63000                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM           1919067168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                340192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten               1973344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys            1919407360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys            2016000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                10631                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                1325                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          262                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0         7496615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1         7663624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2         7437147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3         7375943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4         7643288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5         7539456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6         7392000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7         7422776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1              88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3            6327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4            3305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5              80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6           24297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7           24194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                4051217659000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5            59981480                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              63000                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0               6755739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1               6809771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2               6871502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3               6900330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4               6922583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5               6950087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6               7002978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7               7076456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                702870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                653954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10               597459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11               571227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12               550643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13               525030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14               475340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15               405827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                35196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                30144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                25147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                22676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                21064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                19235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                16137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                12280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                 1922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                 1641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                 1402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                 1283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                 1231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                 1167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                 1072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                  979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                  509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                  469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                  456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                  449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                  445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                  441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                  433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                  429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                  333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                  263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                  262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                  259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                  258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                  257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                  256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                  245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                  139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                 2279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                 2298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                 2332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                 2351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                 2364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                 2386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                 2406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                 2538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                 2696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                 2704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                 2704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                 2704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                 2704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                 2704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                 2704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                 2705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                 2701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                 2700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                 2666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                 2647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                 2634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                 2612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                 2592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                 2460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                   84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples      7595067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.932662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.548947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.406421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63        32641      0.43%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29712      0.39%      0.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127        27285      0.36%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2859      0.04%      1.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191        27297      0.36%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29704      0.39%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255        32101      0.42%      2.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7413468     97.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total      7595067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean 22135.929181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1147.542959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 52212.733276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         2283     84.65%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.07%     84.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.04%     84.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            3      0.11%     84.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.07%     84.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            3      0.11%     85.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.04%     85.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            3      0.11%     85.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            3      0.11%     85.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            2      0.07%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.04%     85.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.07%     85.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.07%     85.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.04%     85.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            3      0.11%     85.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            2      0.07%     85.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            2      0.07%     85.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            4      0.15%     86.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            1      0.04%     86.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            6      0.22%     86.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            3      0.11%     86.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            5      0.19%     86.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            7      0.26%     86.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            8      0.30%     87.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            6      0.22%     87.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           14      0.52%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           13      0.48%     88.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           19      0.70%     89.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           29      1.08%     90.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           22      0.82%     90.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           31      1.15%     92.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           28      1.04%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           19      0.70%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           37      1.37%     95.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           41      1.52%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           29      1.08%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           25      0.93%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           13      0.48%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            8      0.30%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            9      0.33%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            4      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total         2697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.865035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.687237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.637388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16            195      7.23%      7.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17            116      4.30%     11.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18             49      1.82%     13.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19             32      1.19%     14.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::20             17      0.63%     15.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21             31      1.15%     16.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::22             49      1.82%     18.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23            119      4.41%     22.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24           2008     74.45%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::25             72      2.67%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.04%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      0.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total         2697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat               1873010420718                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat          2889516311268                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat             191906716800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   31232.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              48182.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                     473.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                  473.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       4.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   4.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.63                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits               52386289                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 51160                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              82.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                   539762.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3152577205283                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT  542656801279                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          4956636585.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          4906318435.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          5031574329.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3            4899206592                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0            3343762776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1            3309817992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2            3394316016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3            3305020320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         32391140620.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         32049128217.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         32887029926.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         31872475814.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0             7050240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        19670999.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        10164372.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        84394275.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      199031489640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      198692984934.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      199561607807.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      198809488301.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      1798574310336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      1798871244288.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      1798109294400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      1798769048352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        2604849562352.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        2604394337020.800293                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        2605539159005.759766                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        2604284805810.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          79.208331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          79.194488                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          79.229300                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          79.191157                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       111104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    223736832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        81920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    237384960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       346624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    240281088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       104960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    229517312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        95744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    254789376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        57856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    243501056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        95744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    227761408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       108288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    238225920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total       1896200192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       111104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        81920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       346624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       104960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        95744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        57856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        95744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       108288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total      1002240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks      1778688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total       1778688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       873972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       927285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       938598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       896552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       995271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       951176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       889693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       930570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total           7407032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         6948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             6948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        27425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55227252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        20221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     58596159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        85561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59311040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        25908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56654107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        23633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62892269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        14281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60105857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        23633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56220679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        26730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58803742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total           468058497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        85561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        25908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        23633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        14281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        23633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        26730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         247393                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        439052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             439052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        439052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        27425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55227252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        20221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     58596159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        85561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59311040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        25908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56654107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        23633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62892269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        14281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60105857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        23633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56220679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        26730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58803742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total          468497549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                   7407032                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     6948                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                59256256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  55584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM           1895868000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                332192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten               1738368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys            1896200192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys            1778688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                10381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                1259                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           41                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0         7475370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1         7448696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2         7565441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3         7422440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4         7507640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5         7542833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6         7112593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7         7170862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0           24645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5              88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6           24736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7            3183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                4051218015000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5            59256256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              55584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0               6685164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1               6738019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2               6798383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3               6826086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4               6847841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5               6874683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6               6926281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7               6999772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                686178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                638229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10               582878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11               557757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12               537659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13               512595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14               464112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15               394510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                33492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                28551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                23734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                21292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                19692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                17973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                14949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                11135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                 1135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                  895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                  684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                  544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                  487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                  431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                  336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                  276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                   34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                 1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                 1988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                 2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                 2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                 2035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                 2064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                 2087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                 2237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                 2390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                 2398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                 2397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                 2398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                 2398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                 2398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                 2399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                 2400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                 2398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                 2397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                 2379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                 2371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                 2351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                 2322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                 2295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                 2145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                   81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples      7501803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.953372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.591331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.319970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63        31803      0.42%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29139      0.39%      0.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26885      0.36%      1.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159         3022      0.04%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26887      0.36%      1.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29128      0.39%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255        31340      0.42%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7323599     97.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total      7501803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean 24666.172443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1504.514512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 54149.690823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1976     82.51%     82.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            8      0.33%     82.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.04%     82.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            1      0.04%     82.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            3      0.13%     83.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.08%     83.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            4      0.17%     83.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            3      0.13%     83.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            3      0.13%     83.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            4      0.17%     83.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.04%     83.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.04%     83.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.04%     83.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            2      0.08%     83.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            3      0.13%     84.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.04%     84.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            2      0.08%     84.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            3      0.13%     84.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            4      0.17%     84.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            4      0.17%     84.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            2      0.08%     84.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            6      0.25%     84.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           10      0.42%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            7      0.29%     85.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            5      0.21%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           15      0.63%     86.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           14      0.58%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           24      1.00%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           24      1.00%     89.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           25      1.04%     90.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           31      1.29%     91.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           24      1.00%     92.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           31      1.29%     93.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           48      2.00%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           27      1.13%     96.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           28      1.17%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           18      0.75%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           14      0.58%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            7      0.29%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            6      0.25%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            2      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total         2395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.682255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.487029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.755203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16            204      8.52%      8.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::17            121      5.05%     13.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18             39      1.63%     15.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19             31      1.29%     16.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::20             21      0.88%     17.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21             30      1.25%     18.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::22             40      1.67%     20.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::23            125      5.22%     25.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24           1716     71.65%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::25             64      2.67%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::26              1      0.04%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.08%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total         2395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat               1841777232831                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat          2845994814081                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat             189586800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   31087.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              48037.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                     467.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                  468.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       4.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   4.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits               51753374                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 45022                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              82.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                   546429.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3158928291343                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT  536305715219                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          4943716243.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          4945153852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          4943953929.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          4744564675.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0            3335046672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1            3336016488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2            3335207016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3            3200698392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         32246057625.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1          32311428864                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         32308481587.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         30928287436.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        42226790.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        8330480.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        7806689.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        52039065.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      199043342812.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      198953194020.480011                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      198946846226.880035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      197651537807.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      1798563912816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      1798642990704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      1798648558944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      1799784794400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        2604719475114.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        2604742286564.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        2604736026547.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        2602907093930.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          79.204375                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          79.205068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          79.204878                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          79.149264                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        58368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    222626560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    236301056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       633088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    238706688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    228647680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    253528832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    242205440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        60928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    226370048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    236778240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total       1886133760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        58368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        43264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       633088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        53248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        23808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        60928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        46592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total       968960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       972288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        972288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       869635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       923051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         2473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       932448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       893155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       990347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       946115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       884258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       924915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total           7367710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         3798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             3798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        14408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     54953192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     58328608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       156272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     58922414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        12259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56439447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        13144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62581116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     59786047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        15039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     55877235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        11501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58446396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total           465573697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       156272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        13144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        15039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11501                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         239178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        240000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             240000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        240000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        14408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     54953192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     58328608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       156272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     58922414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        12259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56439447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        13144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62581116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     59786047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        15039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     55877235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        11501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58446396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total          465813697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                   7367710                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     3798                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                58941680                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  30384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM           1885796032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                337728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                880448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys            1886133760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             972288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                10554                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                2869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0         7550621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1         7399368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2         7361796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3         7210424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4         7478027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5         7375399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6         7325417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7         7230074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2            1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4            1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6           23014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                4051200198000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5            58941680                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              30384                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0               6656387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1               6708811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2               6768082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3               6795756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4               6817218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5               6843547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6               6894741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7               6965155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                676675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                628932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10               574524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11               549364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12               529497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13               504971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14               456785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15               390148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                32489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                27758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                23090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                20702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                19161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                17398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                14474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                10781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                 1045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                  848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                  637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                  523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                  469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                  416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                  336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                 1072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                 1228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                 1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                 1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                 1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                 1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                 1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                 1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                 1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                 1257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                 1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                 1249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                 1242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                 1232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                 1220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                 1217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                 1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples      7456994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.007644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.695955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.108494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63        30563      0.41%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95        28811      0.39%      0.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26523      0.36%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2678      0.04%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26531      0.36%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223        28790      0.39%      1.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255        30005      0.40%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7283093     97.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total      7456994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean 46685.271497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  4642.978458                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 67780.811013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          837     66.64%     66.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            7      0.56%     67.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.08%     67.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.16%     67.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.08%     67.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            3      0.24%     67.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.16%     67.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            3      0.24%     68.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.08%     68.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.08%     68.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.08%     68.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            2      0.16%     68.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.08%     68.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            4      0.32%     68.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.16%     69.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.08%     69.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            2      0.16%     69.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            2      0.16%     69.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.08%     69.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            3      0.24%     69.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            2      0.16%     69.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            4      0.32%     70.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            3      0.24%     70.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            2      0.16%     70.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            9      0.72%     71.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           12      0.96%     72.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            5      0.40%     72.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           20      1.59%     74.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           16      1.27%     75.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           22      1.75%     77.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           24      1.91%     79.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           31      2.47%     81.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           30      2.39%     84.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           23      1.83%     85.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           29      2.31%     88.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           42      3.34%     91.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           30      2.39%     94.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           27      2.15%     96.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           21      1.67%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           12      0.96%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            8      0.64%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            4      0.32%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            2      0.16%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::245760-249855            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total         1256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    21.906051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    21.610059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.402239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16            222     17.68%     17.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17             76      6.05%     23.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18             29      2.31%     26.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19             17      1.35%     27.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20             15      1.19%     28.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::21             16      1.27%     29.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              7      0.56%     30.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23             81      6.45%     36.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            653     51.99%     88.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::25            140     11.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total         1256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat               1830045636619                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat          2828928222319                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat             188579603200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   31053.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              48003.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                     465.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                  465.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       4.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   4.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits               51478946                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                 22700                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              82.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                   549575.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3161997760116                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT  533236246446                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          4937580547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          4802904892.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          4916870380.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          4826074780.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0            3330907512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1            3240054888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2            3316936368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3            3255685368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0          32269970304                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         31389644083.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         32130807321.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         31493823129.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        7954744.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        8933483.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        9024721.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        27708272.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      198896925663.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      197967551990.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      198756890781.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      198180781493.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      1798692348912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      1799507588976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      1798815186528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      1799320545552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        2604680859837.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        2603461850468.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        2604490888255.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        2603649790751.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          79.203201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          79.166133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          79.197424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          79.171848                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        48896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    221561600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    234730240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    237569024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        36096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    227405568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    252373504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    241096448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        39936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    225412096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        64512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        30464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    235620864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total       1876244480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        48896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        28416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        36096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        39936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        30464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total       262656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       853760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        853760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       865475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       916915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       928004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       888303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       985834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       941783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       880516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       920394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total           7329080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         3335                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             3335                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        12070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     54690317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     57940867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         8531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     58641593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         8910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56132843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         6193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         6572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62295935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         6066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     59512303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         9858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     55640774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        15924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58160709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total           463132625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         6572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          64834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        210742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             210742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        210742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        12070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     54690317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     57940867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         8531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     58641593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         8910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56132843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         6193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         6572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62295935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         6066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     59512303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         9858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     55640774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        15924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58160709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total          463343367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                   7329080                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     3335                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                58632640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  26680                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM           1875906208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                338272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                753184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys            1876244480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             853760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                10571                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                3142                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0         7331362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1         7428103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2         7399216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3         7285087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4         7672171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5         7086045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6         7408103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7         7011982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2              88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3            9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4              88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5           10474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                4051181211000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5            58632640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              26680                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0               6622684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1               6674568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2               6734102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3               6761808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4               6783072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5               6809497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6               6860412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7               6931020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                671347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                624169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10               569659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11               544363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12               524601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13               499826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14               451777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15               384981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                31895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                27361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                22533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                20234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                18786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                17173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                14379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                10653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                 1370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                 1153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                  962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                  855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                  802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                  766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                  695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                  611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                  404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                  301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                  291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                  289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                  287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                  284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                  283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                  280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                  262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                  146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                  144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                  141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                  139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                  139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                  137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                  136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                  131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                 1007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                 1023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                 1025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                 1019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                 1005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples      7417821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.993351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.675445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.151567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63        30360      0.41%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95        28838      0.39%      0.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26639      0.36%      1.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2710      0.04%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26646      0.36%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223        28821      0.39%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255        29799      0.40%      2.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7244008     97.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total      7417821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean 56701.541544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  7704.323132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 70703.945081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          605     59.14%     59.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            7      0.68%     59.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.10%     59.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            4      0.39%     60.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            5      0.49%     60.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            4      0.39%     61.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            2      0.20%     61.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            2      0.20%     61.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            2      0.20%     61.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.20%     61.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.20%     62.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            2      0.20%     62.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.10%     62.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.10%     62.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            2      0.20%     62.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            2      0.20%     62.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            4      0.39%     63.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            5      0.49%     63.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            2      0.20%     64.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           16      1.56%     65.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           12      1.17%     66.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            8      0.78%     67.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           16      1.56%     69.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           16      1.56%     70.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           22      2.15%     72.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           18      1.76%     74.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           34      3.32%     77.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           27      2.64%     80.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           28      2.74%     83.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           27      2.64%     85.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           41      4.01%     89.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           33      3.23%     93.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           26      2.54%     95.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           16      1.56%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           14      1.37%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            7      0.68%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            2      0.20%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            5      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total         1023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.007820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.829544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.649805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16             70      6.84%      6.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17             38      3.71%     10.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18             15      1.47%     12.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19             21      2.05%     14.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::20             12      1.17%     15.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21             22      2.15%     17.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22             14      1.37%     18.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23             35      3.42%     22.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            627     61.29%     83.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::25            167     16.32%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total         1023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat               1820625061195                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat          2814269130745                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat             187590620800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   31056.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              48006.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                     463.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                  463.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       4.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   4.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.66                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits               51208214                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                 19571                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                   552502.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3164919426477                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT  530314580085                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          4875810508.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          4840974633.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          4866365347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          4769979580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0            3289237248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1            3265736856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2            3282865512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3            3217843368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         31860621811.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1          31620538560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2          31777599360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         31179600691.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        10285470.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        15209026.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        16152514.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        6951951.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      198471613478.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      198243536031.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      198428695159.680023                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      197740442977.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0      1799065429776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      1799265497712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2      1799103077424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      1799706807408.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        2604118170447.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        2603796664973.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        2604019927471.679688                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        2603166798131.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          79.186090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          79.176314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          79.183103                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          79.157161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        77568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    224715776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       122112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        78336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    238297856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       138240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    240847872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       120576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    230300416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       118272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        51200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    255635456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        48640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    244387840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       110336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        70912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    228353792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       129792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        90880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    238657280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total       1902717952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        77568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        78336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        46592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        76288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        51200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        48640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        70912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        90880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total       540416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks      1135360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total       1135360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       877796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       930851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       940812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       899611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       998576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       954640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       892007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       932255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total           7432492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         4435                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             4435                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        30711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        19147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55468895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        30142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        19336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     58821498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        34123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        11501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59450945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        29763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        18831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56847408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        29194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        12638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63101116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        28942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        12006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60324751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        27235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker           63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        17504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56366903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        32038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        22433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58910219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total           469667343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11501                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        18831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        12638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        12006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        17504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        22433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         133396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        280253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             280253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        280253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        30711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        19147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55468895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        30142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        19336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     58821498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        34123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        11501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59450945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        29763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        18831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56847408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        29194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        12638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63101116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        28942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        12006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60324751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        27235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker           63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        17504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56366903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        32038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        22433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58910219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total          469947595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                   7432492                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     4435                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                59459936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  35480                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM           1902390464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                327488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten               1056128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys            1902717952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys            1135360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                10234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                2476                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0         7410072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1         7373372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2         7397984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3         7446891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4         7592172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5         7389813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6         7590678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7         7248720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            6281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4            3296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5              88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6           22627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                4051203508000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5            59459936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              35480                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0               6705962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1               6758966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2               6819291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3               6847656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4               6869306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5               6896464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6               6948564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7               7020441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                689688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                641706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10               586576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11               560864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12               540847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13               515540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14               466553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15               398526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                33784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                28912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                23939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                21402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                19817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                18029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                14975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                11199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                 1441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                 1216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                  998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                  892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                  846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                  787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                  731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                  662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                  408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                  298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                  281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                  272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                  265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                  264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                  255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                  252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                  196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                   88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                   76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                   50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                 1137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                 1144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                 1150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                 1155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                 1160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                 1183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                 1196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                 1344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                 1460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                 1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                 1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                 1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                 1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                 1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                 1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                 1482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                 1482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                 1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                 1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                 1471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                 1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                 1445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                 1434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                 1291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples      7524417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.969312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.630529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.244444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63        31087      0.41%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29728      0.40%      0.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26902      0.36%      1.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2866      0.04%      1.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26908      0.36%      1.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29711      0.39%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255        30533      0.41%      2.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7346682     97.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total      7524417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean 39871.333108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  3313.190312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 64843.414069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1065     71.96%     71.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.07%     72.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.07%     72.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.14%     72.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.14%     72.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            2      0.14%     72.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.07%     72.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            2      0.14%     72.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            3      0.20%     72.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            4      0.27%     73.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.14%     73.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.07%     73.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.07%     73.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            3      0.20%     73.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.07%     73.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            5      0.34%     74.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.07%     74.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            3      0.20%     74.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            3      0.20%     74.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            1      0.07%     74.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            5      0.34%     74.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            2      0.14%     75.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            7      0.47%     75.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            9      0.61%     76.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           10      0.68%     76.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            6      0.41%     77.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           14      0.95%     78.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           13      0.88%     79.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           26      1.76%     80.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           20      1.35%     82.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           26      1.76%     83.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           31      2.09%     86.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           24      1.62%     87.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           27      1.82%     89.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           35      2.36%     91.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           36      2.43%     94.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           29      1.96%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           26      1.76%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           12      0.81%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            5      0.34%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            9      0.61%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            4      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total         1480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.300000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.047230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.141125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16            187     12.64%     12.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17            100      6.76%     19.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::18             24      1.62%     21.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19             14      0.95%     21.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::20             15      1.01%     22.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::21             17      1.15%     24.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::22             12      0.81%     24.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23            103      6.96%     31.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            890     60.14%     92.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::25            116      7.84%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total         1480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat               1851195325365                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat          2858867774265                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat             190239046400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   31138.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              48088.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                     469.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                  469.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       4.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   4.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.62                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits               51930988                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 27301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              82.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                   544741.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3157562021920                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT  537672134343                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          4865822236.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          4910835081.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          4940688614.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3            4906923840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0            3282499128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1            3312864936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2          3333004224.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3            3310226400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         31790591539.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         32077737369.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         32281414963.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         32015482137.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        7239767.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        13656729.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        10003046.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        34486456.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      198395256697.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      198716085311.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      198922880508.480011                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      198769673646.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      1799132409408.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      1798850980800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      1798669581504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      1798803973488.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        2604018990931.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        2604427332382.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        2604702745014.719727                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        2604385938122.880371                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          79.183074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          79.195491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          79.203866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          79.194233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        69888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    227027200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        76032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    240204288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    243132672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        72704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    232972288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        70400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    258414848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        48896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    246842112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        81408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    230487040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        64000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    241166336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total       1920981760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        69888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        76032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       176640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        72704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        70400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        48896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        81408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        64000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total       659968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks      1859072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total       1859072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       886825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       938298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       949737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       910048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1009433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       964227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       900340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       942056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total           7503835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         7262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             7262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        17251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     56039447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        18768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59292082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        43602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     60014925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        17946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     57506934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        17378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63787181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        12070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60930564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        20095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56893475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     59529555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total           474175585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        43602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        17946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        17378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        12070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        20095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         162907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        458894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             458894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        458894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        17251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     56039447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        18768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59292082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        43602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     60014925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        17946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     57506934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        17378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63787181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        12070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60930564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        20095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56893475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     59529555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total          474634479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                   7503835                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     7262                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                60030680                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  58096                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM           1920644800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                336960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten               1823776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys            1920981760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys            1859072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                10530                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                1094                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0         7622596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1         7434188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2         7587520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3         7275678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4         7598159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5         7287753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6         7705777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7         7508479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            3289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3           13094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4            3064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5           12427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7           24655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                4051204421000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5            60030680                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              58096                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0               6764730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1               6818944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2               6880633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3               6909046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4               6931491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5               6958862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6               7011851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7               7085096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                700148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                651188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10               594596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11               568716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12               547942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13               522456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14               472542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15               403186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                34282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                29196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                24322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                21917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                20305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                18489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                15490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                11673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                 1850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                 1653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                 1441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                 1320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                 1266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                 1200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                 1120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                 1054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                  810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                  765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                  751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                  749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                  747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                  745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                  748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                  746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                  670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                  550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                  537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                  529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                  526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                  526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                  516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                  515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                  348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                  196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                  194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                  189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                  185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                  179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                  177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                  175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                 2097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                 2104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                 2113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                 2141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                 2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                 2164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                 2187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                 2322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                 2502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                 2507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                 2507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                 2509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                 2509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                 2507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                 2507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                 2508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                 2506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                 2504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                 2495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                 2466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                 2455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                 2445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                 2422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                 2289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                   74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples      7600601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.936390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.557957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.388280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63        32517      0.43%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29735      0.39%      0.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127        27357      0.36%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2822      0.04%      1.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191        27359      0.36%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29737      0.39%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255        32013      0.42%      2.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7419060     97.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::288-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total      7600601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean 23940.296800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1415.472416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 53864.361750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         2084     83.36%     83.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.08%     83.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.08%     83.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.08%     83.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            3      0.12%     83.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            5      0.20%     83.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.04%     83.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            2      0.08%     84.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.08%     84.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            4      0.16%     84.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.04%     84.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            2      0.08%     84.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.04%     84.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            3      0.12%     84.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.04%     84.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.04%     84.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            2      0.08%     84.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            1      0.04%     84.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            1      0.04%     84.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            5      0.20%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            4      0.16%     85.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            3      0.12%     85.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            9      0.36%     85.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           12      0.48%     86.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            4      0.16%     86.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           15      0.60%     86.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           13      0.52%     87.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           20      0.80%     88.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           19      0.76%     88.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           30      1.20%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           26      1.04%     91.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           30      1.20%     92.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           31      1.24%     93.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           40      1.60%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           34      1.36%     96.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           30      1.20%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           20      0.80%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           16      0.64%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            7      0.28%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            8      0.32%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            4      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total         2500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.797200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.604858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.745740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16            206      8.24%      8.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17            117      4.68%     12.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18             29      1.16%     14.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19             37      1.48%     15.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20             18      0.72%     16.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21             34      1.36%     17.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22             26      1.04%     18.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23            112      4.48%     23.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24           1844     73.76%     96.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::25             63      2.52%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::26              2      0.08%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::28              1      0.04%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::31              2      0.08%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total         2500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat               1872389555732                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat          2889731098232                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat             192064480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   31196.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              48146.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                     474.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                  474.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       4.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   4.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.65                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits               52429280                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 47262                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              82.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                   539362.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3152165902538                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT  543068104024                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          4951135324.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          4935279283.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          4916098051.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          5033210918.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0            3340051608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1            3329355072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2            3316415352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3          3395420064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         32346661900.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         32229389836.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         32089577395.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         32813238681.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        10462556.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        21832104.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        33036180.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        46592133.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      198994333173.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      198911716752.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      198809748878.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      199693928208.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      1798606903728.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      1798679374272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      1798768819776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      1797993223872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        2604794720445.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        2604652119476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        2604478867787.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        2605520786032.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          79.206663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          79.202327                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          79.197058                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          79.228741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       179200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    225767424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    239188480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       429312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    241904640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        63232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    231561216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        76032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    256880128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        40192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    245567744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        84736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    229210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        99328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    239964416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total       1911082752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       179200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        65792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       429312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        63232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        76032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        40192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        84736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        99328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total      1037824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       420608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        420608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       881904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       934330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       944940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       904536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1003438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       959249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       895355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       937361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total           7465167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         1643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             1643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        44234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55728484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        16240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59041340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       105971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59711798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        15608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     57158625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        18768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63408351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         9921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60615999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        20916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56578467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        24518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     59232872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total           471732112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        44234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       105971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        15608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        18768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         9921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        20916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        24518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         256177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        103823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             103823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        103823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        44234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55728484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        16240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59041340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       105971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59711798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        15608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     57158625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        18768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63408351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         9921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60615999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        20916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56578467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        24518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     59232872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total          471835935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                   7465167                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     1643                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                59721336                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  13144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM           1910452960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                629792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                189760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys            1911082752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             420608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                19681                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                7214                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0         7637472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1         7561354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2         7259169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3         7396162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4         7500189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5         7464675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6         7355949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7         7526685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1              72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3            1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4            1774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6            1551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                4051213263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5            59721336                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              13144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0               6730738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1               6784573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2               6845527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3               6873691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4               6895801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5               6923142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6               6976227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7               7049955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                697815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                648445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10               592671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11               567083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12               546653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13               521087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14               471107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15               401417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                33573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                28841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                23849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                21381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                19748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                17982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                14954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                10993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                 1002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                  790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                  599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                  498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                  449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                  407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                  333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                  258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                   51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples      7551062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.029669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.748690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.002183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63        30058      0.40%      0.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29353      0.39%      0.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26852      0.36%      1.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2815      0.04%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26893      0.36%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29355      0.39%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255        29478      0.39%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7376258     97.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total      7551062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean 230158.614173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 14438.970532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 598312.969640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          153     60.24%     60.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143           61     24.02%     84.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215            7      2.76%     87.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            8      3.15%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            5      1.97%     92.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            1      0.39%     92.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            4      1.57%     94.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            3      1.18%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            1      0.39%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            1      0.39%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.83501e+06            3      1.18%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            2      0.79%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            1      0.39%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.40787e+06-3.53894e+06            2      0.79%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.53894e+06-3.67002e+06            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::5.24288e+06-5.37395e+06            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.346457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.223841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.191893                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16             13      5.12%      5.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      0.79%      5.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::18              4      1.57%      7.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              3      1.18%      8.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      1.18%      9.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              8      3.15%     12.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::22              3      1.18%     14.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::23              5      1.97%     16.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            175     68.90%     85.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::25             38     14.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat               1855230693322                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat          2867173745572                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat             191045296000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   31075.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              48025.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                     471.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                  471.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       4.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   4.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.62                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits               52151587                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  4936                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                   542562.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3156036542472                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT  539197464090                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          5009817254.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          4828870771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          4963961923.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          4907385907.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          3379638624.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1            3257571552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2            3348704472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3            3310538112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         32738740070.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1          31550790336                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         32434842585.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         32069691763.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        7246402.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        8652303.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        9577543.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        9965306.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      199397818316.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      198147399831.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      199092037046.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      198705942028.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      1798252969392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      1799349827712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      1798521198576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      1798859878416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        2605331402213.759766                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        2603688284660.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        2604915494301.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        2604408573688.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          79.222982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          79.173018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          79.210335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          79.194921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        74496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    223906560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        61696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    237455872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       320512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    240265216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        51968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    229904896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        38912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    254824448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    243818496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        53504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    227485952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        64512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    238128128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total       1896500992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        74496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        61696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       320512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        51968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        38912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        32768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        53504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        64512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total       698368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks      1815808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total       1815808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       874635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       927562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       938536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       898066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       995408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       952416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       888617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       930188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total           7408207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         7093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             7093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        18389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55269147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        15229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     58613663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        79115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59307122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        12828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56749778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         9605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62900926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         8088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60184214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker           63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        13207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56152685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker           63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58779603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total           468132747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        79115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12828                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         9605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         8088                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        13207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         172385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        448214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             448214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        448214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        18389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55269147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        15229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     58613663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        79115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59307122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        12828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56749778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         9605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62900926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         8088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60184214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker           63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        13207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56152685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.itb.walker           63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58779603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total          468580961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                   7408207                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     7093                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                59265656                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  56744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM           1896148832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                352160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten               1769440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys            1896500992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys            1815808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                11005                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                1432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          340                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0         7589590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1         7276336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2         7382764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3         7236550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4         7326344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5         7656784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6         7268205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7         7518078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0           24251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1              96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2            3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3            3040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6              80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7           24427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                4051203508000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5            59265656                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              56744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0               6686218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1               6738926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2               6798315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3               6826019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4               6847596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5               6874196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6               6926910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7               6998855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                684887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                636968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10               582710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11               557623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12               537625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13               512830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14               463179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15               395105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                33427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                28677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                23735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                21226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                19704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                17956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                14993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                11210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                 1494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                 1287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                 1090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                  980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                  929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                  882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                  780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                  701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                  462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                  440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                  430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                  431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                  429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                  417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                  417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                  410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                  374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                  324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                  321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                  322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                  314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                  313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                  313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                  314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                  251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                  159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                  156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                  152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                  149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                  148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                  147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                  145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                   37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                   36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                   30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                   30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                 1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                 2000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                 2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                 2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                 2042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                 2076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                 2111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                 2273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                 2442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                 2449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                 2452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                 2453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                 2454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                 2453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                 2453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                 2453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                 2455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                 2455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                 2441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                 2420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                 2409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                 2375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                 2340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                 2180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                   94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples      7503271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.945452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.568061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.368671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63        32128      0.43%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29618      0.39%      0.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26469      0.35%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2760      0.04%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26470      0.35%      1.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29617      0.39%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255        31589      0.42%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7324620     97.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total      7503271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean 24144.322013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1376.612296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 53722.505284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         2027     82.94%     82.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            3      0.12%     83.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.04%     83.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            3      0.12%     83.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            4      0.16%     83.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.08%     83.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.04%     83.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            3      0.12%     83.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            3      0.12%     83.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.04%     83.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.04%     83.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            3      0.12%     83.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            3      0.12%     84.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.04%     84.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            5      0.20%     84.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.04%     84.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            4      0.16%     84.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            2      0.08%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            4      0.16%     84.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            1      0.04%     84.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            3      0.12%     84.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            8      0.33%     85.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            6      0.25%     85.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           11      0.45%     85.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            7      0.29%     86.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           13      0.53%     86.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           14      0.57%     87.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           25      1.02%     88.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           22      0.90%     89.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           26      1.06%     90.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           32      1.31%     91.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           25      1.02%     92.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           30      1.23%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           44      1.80%     95.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           28      1.15%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           35      1.43%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           16      0.65%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           12      0.49%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            8      0.33%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            5      0.20%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total         2444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.624795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.412547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.904746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16            214      8.76%      8.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::17            139      5.69%     14.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18             38      1.55%     16.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19             48      1.96%     17.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::20             19      0.78%     18.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21             40      1.64%     20.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22             36      1.47%     21.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::23            137      5.61%     27.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24           1685     68.94%     96.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::25             73      2.99%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::26              1      0.04%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32             12      0.49%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::41              1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total         2444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat               1846020957970                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat          2850387292420                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat             189614883200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   31154.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              48104.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                     468.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                  468.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       4.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   4.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.62                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits               51760888                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 45787                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              82.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                   546330.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3158793635299                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT  536440371263                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0            4880433600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          4841578828.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          4983227222.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          4867642684.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0            3292356000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1            3266144448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2          3361700904.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3            3283727208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0          31832893248                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1          31619585088                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         32564851238.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         31746266572.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        41143956.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        22468700.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        6970613.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        41352145.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      198593408761.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      198249858380.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      199217360839.680023                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      198521383397.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      1798958591808.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      1799259951792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      1798411265424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3      1799021771952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        2604143999528.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        2603804759391.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        2605090548396.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        2604027316115.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          79.186876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          79.176560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          79.215658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          79.183328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       132096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    227226368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       121600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    240951808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        87808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    243708416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       148992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    233084160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       134656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    258161408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        86784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    246763008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst       122624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    230596096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       154624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    241353472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total       1922833920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       132096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       121600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        87808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       148992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       134656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        86784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst       122624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       154624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total       989184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks      1883904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total       1883904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       887603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       941218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       951986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       910485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1008443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       963918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       900766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       942787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total           7511070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         7359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             7359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        32607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     56088610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        30016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59476600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        21675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     60157042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        36777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     57534548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        33239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63724622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        21422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60911038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        30269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56920394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        38167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     59575747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total           474632773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        32607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        30016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        21675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        36777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        33239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        21422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        30269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        38167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         244170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        465023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             465023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        465023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        32607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     56088610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        30016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59476600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        21675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     60157042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        36777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     57534548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        33239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63724622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        21422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60911038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        30269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56920394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        38167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     59575747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total          475097796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                   7511070                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     7359                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                60088560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  58872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM           1922497760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                336160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten               1843840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys            1922833920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys            1883904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                10505                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                1235                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          277                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0         7694780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1         7499466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2         7407410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3         7536743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4         7427448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5         7378336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6         7533385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7         7600487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0           24594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3            3218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6           24865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            3175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                4051218432000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5            60088560                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              58872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0               6767458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1               6821778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2               6883651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3               6912060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4               6934179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5               6961580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6               7014308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7               7088339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                704168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                654982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10               598372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11               572614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12               552198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13               526652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14               477033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15               407007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                35058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                30105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                25032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                22517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                20881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                19134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                16128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                12234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                 2024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                 1747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                 1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                 1442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                 1388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                 1304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                 1219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                 1136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                  726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                  715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                  701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                  688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                  677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                  654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                  639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                  619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                  550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                  369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                  361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                  357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                  353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                  352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                  334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                  320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                 2123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                 2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                 2155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                 2172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                 2182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                 2205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                 2231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                 2388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                 2527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                 2534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                 2533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                 2534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                 2534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                 2532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                 2532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                 2532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                 2528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                 2527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                 2507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                 2489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                 2479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                 2457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                 2431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                 2278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                   85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples      7608120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.932604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.553692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.395896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63        32585      0.43%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29536      0.39%      0.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127        27533      0.36%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159         3140      0.04%      1.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191        27533      0.36%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29523      0.39%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255        32104      0.42%      2.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7426166     97.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total      7608120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean 23696.357878                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1341.609934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 53773.902173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         2108     83.45%     83.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.04%     83.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            3      0.12%     83.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.08%     83.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.04%     83.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            5      0.20%     83.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            3      0.12%     84.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.08%     84.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            2      0.08%     84.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            2      0.08%     84.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.08%     84.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            3      0.12%     84.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.04%     84.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.04%     84.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.08%     84.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            4      0.16%     84.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            2      0.08%     84.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.04%     84.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            3      0.12%     85.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            4      0.16%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            5      0.20%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            1      0.04%     85.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            3      0.12%     85.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            6      0.24%     85.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           11      0.44%     86.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            5      0.20%     86.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           10      0.40%     86.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           16      0.63%     87.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           17      0.67%     88.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           27      1.07%     89.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           26      1.03%     90.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           31      1.23%     91.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           29      1.15%     92.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           19      0.75%     93.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           46      1.82%     95.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           30      1.19%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           28      1.11%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           31      1.23%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           11      0.44%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            9      0.36%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            8      0.32%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            4      0.16%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total         2526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.810768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.627769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.678669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16            181      7.17%      7.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17            128      5.07%     12.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18             41      1.62%     13.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19             34      1.35%     15.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::20             16      0.63%     15.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21             37      1.46%     17.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22             38      1.50%     18.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::23            135      5.34%     24.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24           1836     72.68%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::25             71      2.81%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.04%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total         2526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat               1875895922086                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat          2894218954336                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat             192249776000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   31224.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              48174.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                     474.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                  474.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       4.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   4.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.63                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits               52479783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 47772                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              82.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                   538838.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3151620444809                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT  543613561753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0            4994913168                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          4954429065.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          4903129929.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          5039938713.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0            3369584280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1            3342273576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2            3307667016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3            3399958656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0          32582973696                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         32362695705.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         32039818636.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         32861261721.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        43674577.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        18138608.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        7902904.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        53351239.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      199399125467.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      199046445874.560028                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      198666208140.480011                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      199724297207.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      1798251822768.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1      1798561190832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      1798894732704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      1797966584400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        2605187266111.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        2604830345816.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        2604364631485.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        2605590564092.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          79.218599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          79.207746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          79.193585                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          79.230863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       104448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    226455296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       109824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    240057856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        79360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    242595328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       102144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    232320768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       147200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    257473280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        75776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    246051072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst       146432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    229961216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       130304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    240462080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total       1916391424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       104448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       109824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        79360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       102144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       147200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        75776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst       146432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       130304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total       895488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks      2656256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total       2656256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       884591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       937726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       947638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       907503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1005755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       961137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       898286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       939305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total           7485904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks        10376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total            10376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        25782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55898278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        27109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59255937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        19589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59882287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        25213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     57346113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         5245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        36335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63554764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        18705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60735304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        36145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56763680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker           63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        32164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     59355716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total           473042506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        27109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        19589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        25213                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        36335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        18705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        36145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        32164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         221042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        655671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             655671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        655671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        25782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55898278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        27109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59255937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        19589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59882287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        25213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     57346113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         5245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        36335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63554764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        18705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60735304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker          126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        36145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56763680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.itb.walker           63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        32164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     59355716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total          473698177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                   7485904                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                    10376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                59887232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  83008                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM           1916053792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                337632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten               2622720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys            1916391424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys            2656256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                10551                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                1039                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0         7864181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1         7361209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2         7486777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3         7434251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4         7350546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5         7384584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6         7382581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7         7612552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0            6584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2           15591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3           27571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4           22239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6            9503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                4051205308000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5            59887232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              83008                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0               6745258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1               6800104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2               6861630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3               6898322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4               6921793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5               6949529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6               6993115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7               7064042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                701155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                651436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10               594918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11               561211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12               539466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13               513610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14               472660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15               405511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                34914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                29914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                25111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                22272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                20635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                18844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                16300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                12625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                 2238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                 1967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                 1777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                 1658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                 1588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                 1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                 1453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                 1383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                  889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                  783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                  764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                  746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                  732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                  719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                  699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                  683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                  385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                  320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                  309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                  302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                  293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                  285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                  277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                  262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                   46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                   35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                   33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                   30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                 3042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                 3066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                 3114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                 3159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                 3171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                 3193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                 3219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                 3322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                 3580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                 3584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                 3586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                 3590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                 3590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                 3590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                 3591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                 3591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                 3587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                 3586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                 3537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                 3487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                 3475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                 3453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                 3424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                 3322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                   87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples      7583753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.998286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.638725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.213279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63        33363      0.44%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95        27512      0.36%      0.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26637      0.35%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2957      0.04%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26640      0.35%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223        27511      0.36%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255        32815      0.43%      2.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7406318     97.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total      7583753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean 16686.620632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   778.538222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 46235.169084                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         3166     88.51%     88.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.03%     88.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.03%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            3      0.08%     88.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.03%     88.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            1      0.03%     88.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            3      0.08%     88.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            2      0.06%     88.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            3      0.08%     88.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.03%     88.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            4      0.11%     89.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.03%     89.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.06%     89.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.03%     89.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            2      0.06%     89.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.03%     89.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.03%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            3      0.08%     89.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            2      0.06%     89.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            3      0.08%     89.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            4      0.11%     89.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            2      0.06%     89.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           11      0.31%     89.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           10      0.28%     90.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            5      0.14%     90.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           14      0.39%     90.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           11      0.31%     91.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           19      0.53%     91.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           24      0.67%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           29      0.81%     93.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           34      0.95%     94.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           25      0.70%     94.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           29      0.81%     95.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           42      1.17%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           36      1.01%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           25      0.70%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           24      0.67%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           15      0.42%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            7      0.20%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            7      0.20%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            2      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total         3577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.913056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.738258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.619619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16            279      7.80%      7.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::17             91      2.54%     10.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18             71      1.98%     12.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19             62      1.73%     14.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::20             18      0.50%     14.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21             62      1.73%     16.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22             67      1.87%     18.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23            105      2.94%     21.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24           2729     76.29%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25             73      2.04%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::27              2      0.06%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::28              1      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::29              1      0.03%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::31              2      0.06%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32             14      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total         3577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat               1867060260910                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat          2881970003860                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat             191605379200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   31181.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              48131.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                     472.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                  473.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       4.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   4.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.63                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits               52306846                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 68042                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                   540428.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3153273065132                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT  541960941430                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0            5025219696                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          4926666326.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          4869625219.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          4962995452.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0            3390029160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1          3323544744.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2            3285064632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3            3348052488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         32854720204.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         32116792281.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2          31784855232                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3          32423376960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        14030392.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        70227025.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        40534732.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        28041292.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      199534898154.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      198960368852.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      198542709149.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      199156878659.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      1798132723920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      1798636696992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2      1799003065152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      1798464319968.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        2605496793681.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        2604579468376.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        2604071026272                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        2604928836975.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          79.228012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          79.200118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          79.184657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          79.210741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       110592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    226017536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        84480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    239260416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        59392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    242323712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       120320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    232047872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        59392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    256765696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        70912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    245663488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        97280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    229497856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst       158720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    240104960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total       1912442624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       110592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        84480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        59392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       120320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        59392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        70912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        97280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       158720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total       761088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       882881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       934611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       946577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       906437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1002991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       959623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       896476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       937910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total           7470479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        27299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55790221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        20853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     59059097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        14660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59815242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        29700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     57278751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        14660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63380104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        17504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60639633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        24013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56649304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        39178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     59267564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total           472067783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        14660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        29700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        14660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        17504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        24013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        39178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         187867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        117346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             117346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        117346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        27299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55790221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        20853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     59059097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        14660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59815242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        29700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     57278751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        14660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63380104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        17504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60639633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        24013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56649304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        39178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     59267564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total          472185129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                   7470479                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     1857                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                59763832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  14856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM           1911944416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                498208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                267808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys            1912442624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             475392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                15569                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                6487                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           23                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0         7747257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1         7442189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2         7463043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3         7270871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4         7568363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5         7462163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6         7548623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7         7245754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2            1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3            1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4            2139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6            1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7            1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                4051202339000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5            59763832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              14856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0               6737635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1               6791408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2               6853117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3               6881038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4               6903175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5               6930604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6               6983100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7               7057485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                696903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                647823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10               591261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11               565898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12               545432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13               519853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14               470352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15               399950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                33246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                28438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                23494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                21047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                19432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                17621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                14692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                10777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                 1048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                  803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                  602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                  490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                  433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                  390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                  314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                  249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                   34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                   97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples      7557028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.037599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.768076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    21.961697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63        29815      0.39%      0.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29195      0.39%      0.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127        27115      0.36%      1.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2760      0.04%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191        27117      0.36%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29210      0.39%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255        29331      0.39%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7382485     97.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total      7557028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean 166828.414566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 16039.647252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 323023.468904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          185     51.82%     51.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071           46     12.89%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607           65     18.21%     82.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            6      1.68%     84.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            9      2.52%     87.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            5      1.40%     88.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            1      0.28%     88.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            5      1.40%     90.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            5      1.40%     91.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            4      1.12%     92.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            2      0.56%     93.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            5      1.40%     94.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            3      0.84%     95.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            1      0.28%     95.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            2      0.56%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            3      0.84%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            1      0.28%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            2      0.56%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.57286e+06            3      0.84%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            1      0.28%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.90054e+06            2      0.56%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.442577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.287627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.483696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16             23      6.44%      6.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              5      1.40%      7.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18              5      1.40%      9.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              5      1.40%     10.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              4      1.12%     11.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::22              4      1.12%     12.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              5      1.40%     14.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            221     61.90%     76.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::25             83     23.25%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat               1855766299351                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat          2868499357201                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat             191194441600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   31059.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              48009.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                     471.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                  472.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       4.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   4.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.62                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits               52192623                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  6981                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                   542160.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3155512705502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT  539721301060                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          4981464230.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          4843750665.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          4955949532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          4855354963.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0          3360511584.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1            3267609576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2            3343299288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3            3275437872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         32548378636.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1          31651696128                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2          32380805184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         31720859289.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        8339189.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        9135866.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        9110568.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        10500295.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      199203931183.680023                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      198251839791.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      199029406668.480011                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      198339551956.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      1798423045824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      1799258213712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      1798576137504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3      1799181273216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        2605070842802.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        2603827417894.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        2604839880900.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        2603928149747.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          79.215059                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          79.177249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          79.208036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          79.180312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        56064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    221999104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    235472384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    237870848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        42240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    227633408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        52736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    252696320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        26880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    241535744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        54016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    225512960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    236169728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total       1879460096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        56064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       236800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        42240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        52736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        26880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        54016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        46592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total       569600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks      1652992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total       1652992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       867184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       919814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       929183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       889193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       987095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       943499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       880910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       922538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total           7341641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         6457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             6457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        13839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     54798311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        13397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     58124058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        58452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     58716096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        10427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56189083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        13017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62375619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         6635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     59620739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        13333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     55665672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        11501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58296191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total           463926368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        58452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        13017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         6635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        13333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11501                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         140600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        408025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             408025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        408025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        13839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     54798311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        13397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     58124058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        58452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     58716096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        10427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56189083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        13017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62375619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         6635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     59620739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        13333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     55665672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        11501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58296191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total          464334393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                   7341641                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     6457                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                58733128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  51656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM           1879117216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                342880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten               1600160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys            1879460096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys            1652992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                10715                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                1634                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0         7277998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1         7059891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2         7304661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3         7218023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4         7430168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5         7445511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6         7483200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7         7502961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            3330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2           23634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3            9829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5           12324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6              88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                4051209510000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5            58733128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              51656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0               6632264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1               6684275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2               6742981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3               6770449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4               6792019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5               6818296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6               6869742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7               6940472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                672403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                625303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10               571468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11               546429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12               526380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13               501872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14               453337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15               386360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                32591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                27884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                23229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                20936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                19471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                17778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                14958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                11287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                 1850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                 1621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                 1425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                 1311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                 1267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                 1198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                 1133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                 1068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                  745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                  695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                  686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                  669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                  662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                  655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                  645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                  629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                  487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                  380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                  362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                  356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                  350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                  347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                  337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                  330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                  242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                   97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                   92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                   35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                 1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                 1853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                 1875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                 1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                 1897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                 1918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                 1941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                 2042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                 2187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                 2196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                 2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                 2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                 2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                 2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                 2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                 2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                 2195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                 2194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                 2171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                 2158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                 2147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                 2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                 2104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                 2005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                  107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples      7435138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.949895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.586252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.330735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63        31521      0.42%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95        28839      0.39%      0.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26973      0.36%      1.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2627      0.04%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26976      0.36%      1.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223        28846      0.39%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255        31012      0.42%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7258344     97.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total      7435138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean 26669.779653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1655.170494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 55631.866243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1781     81.25%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            3      0.14%     81.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            1      0.05%     81.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            3      0.14%     81.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.05%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            2      0.09%     81.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            4      0.18%     81.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            4      0.18%     82.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            2      0.09%     82.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.09%     82.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.05%     82.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.05%     82.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            2      0.09%     82.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            3      0.14%     82.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            2      0.09%     82.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            2      0.09%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            4      0.18%     82.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            3      0.14%     83.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            2      0.09%     83.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            9      0.41%     83.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            9      0.41%     83.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            7      0.32%     84.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            8      0.36%     84.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           15      0.68%     85.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           20      0.91%     86.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           24      1.09%     87.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           27      1.23%     88.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           22      1.00%     89.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           28      1.28%     90.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           32      1.46%     92.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           35      1.60%     93.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           40      1.82%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           33      1.51%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           24      1.09%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           16      0.73%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127            8      0.36%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            6      0.27%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            5      0.23%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total         2192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.812500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.628112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.681132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16            172      7.85%      7.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::17             91      4.15%     12.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18             44      2.01%     14.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19             28      1.28%     15.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::20             13      0.59%     15.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21             29      1.32%     17.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22             37      1.69%     18.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::23             97      4.43%     23.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24           1589     72.49%     95.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25             87      3.97%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::28              1      0.05%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32              3      0.14%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total         2192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat               1828087492328                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat          2823432392678                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat             187911721600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   31131.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              48081.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                     463.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                  463.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       4.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   4.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits               51295816                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 41464                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              82.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                   551327.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3163459754582                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT  531774251980                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          4693918723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          4758338390.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2            4936909824                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          4957870982.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0            3166532472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1          3209990184.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2            3330455040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3          3344595504.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         30676262323.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1          31016381760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         32240721177.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         32399622028.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        10363852.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        48347228.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        23584711.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        7403166.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      197210114576.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      197757402402.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      198923239635.839996                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      199040267439.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      1800172007760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      1799691930720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      1798669266480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      1798566610512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        2602474371862.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        2603027562839.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        2604669349023.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        2604861541787.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          79.136106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          79.152927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          79.202851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          79.208695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       117504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    223391488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        72192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    237188352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        71424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    239819776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        87552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    229257216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        86784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    254526208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        47872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    243305984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst       121344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    227168256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        87808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    237691904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total       1893041664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       117504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        72192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        71424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        87552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        86784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        47872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst       121344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        87808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total       692480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       952832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        952832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       872623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       926517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       936796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       895536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       994243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       950414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       887376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       928484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total           7394694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         3722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             3722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        29005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55142007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        17820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     58547628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        17630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59197169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        21611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56589905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        21422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62827308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        11817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     60057706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        29953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56074265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58671925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total           467278846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        29005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        17630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        21611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        21422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        11817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        29953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         170932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        235197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             235197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        235197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        29005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55142007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        17820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     58547628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        17630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59197169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        21611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56589905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        21422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62827308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        11817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     60057706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        29953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56074265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58671925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total          467514043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                   7394694                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     3722                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                59157552                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  29776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM           1892709024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                332640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                865472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys            1893041664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             952832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                10395                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                2737                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0         7593329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1         7357744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2         7276806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3         7342432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4         7235096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5         7369248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6         7458774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7         7513728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2            1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4            1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6           23175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                4051203508000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5            59157552                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              29776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0               6677342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1               6730041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2               6790118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3               6818302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4               6840009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5               6866423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6               6917160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7               6989383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                682447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                634569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10               579539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11               553834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12               533688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13               509091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14               461356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15               392964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                32723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                27903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                23012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                20643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                19128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                17360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                14445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                10696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                 1099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                  857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                  669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                  549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                  497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                  448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                  365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                  297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                   47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                   33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                 1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                 1219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                 1220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                 1220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                 1220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                 1220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                 1220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                 1220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                 1222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                 1222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                 1216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                 1210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                 1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                 1189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                 1186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples      7484373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.003758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.692882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.115668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63        30544      0.41%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29033      0.39%      0.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26761      0.36%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2671      0.04%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26757      0.36%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29007      0.39%      1.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255        30001      0.40%      2.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7309599     97.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total      7484373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean 48300.598031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  4815.111685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 68739.837066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          801     65.71%     65.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            5      0.41%     66.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.08%     66.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.08%     66.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.08%     66.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            5      0.41%     66.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            4      0.33%     67.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.08%     67.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.08%     67.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            2      0.16%     67.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.16%     67.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            2      0.16%     67.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.08%     67.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.16%     68.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            3      0.25%     68.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            3      0.25%     68.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.08%     68.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.08%     68.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.08%     68.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            1      0.08%     68.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            4      0.33%     69.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399            2      0.16%     69.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            1      0.08%     69.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            6      0.49%     69.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           14      1.15%     71.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            8      0.66%     71.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           11      0.90%     72.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           12      0.98%     73.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           16      1.31%     74.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           18      1.48%     76.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           25      2.05%     78.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           23      1.89%     80.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           28      2.30%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           28      2.30%     84.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647           26      2.13%     87.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::155648-159743           44      3.61%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::159744-163839           30      2.46%     93.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::163840-167935           30      2.46%     95.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::167936-172031           23      1.89%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127           12      0.98%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::176128-180223            8      0.66%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::180224-184319            6      0.49%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::184320-188415            3      0.25%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::233472-237567            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total         1219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.187039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    21.916548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.253059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16            172     14.11%     14.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::17             81      6.64%     20.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18             24      1.97%     22.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19             15      1.23%     23.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::20             17      1.39%     25.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21             12      0.98%     26.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22              6      0.49%     26.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::23             76      6.23%     33.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            679     55.70%     88.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::25            136     11.16%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total         1219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat               1838697129159                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat          2841241440309                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat             189270902400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   31086.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              48036.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                     467.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                  467.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       4.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   4.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits               51667502                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                 22328                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              82.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                   547577.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3160201411774                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT  535032621089                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          4937198918.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          4823654371.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          4812353078.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          4950018259.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0          3330650064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1            3254052552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2          3246428664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3            3339298032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         32265623769.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         31526802278.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2          31446844416                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         32301743884.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        8191549.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        8490147.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        8410521.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        27169136.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      198894980367.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      198111900395.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      198033296757.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      199034087855.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0      1798694056896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      1799380969152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      1799449919712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      1798572032784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        2604675873719.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        2603651041051.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        2603542425303.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        2604769522105.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          79.203049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          79.171886                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          79.168583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          79.205897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        51712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    223186176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        38400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    236658176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        50944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    239405312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        38656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    228750848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    253909760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    242875136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data    226976512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        32512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data    237123328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total       1889207552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        51712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        38400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        50944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        38656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        49920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        32512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total       322304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       562176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        562176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       871821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       924446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       935177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       893558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       991835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       948731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       886627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       926263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total           7379717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         2196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             2196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        12765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     55091328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     58416759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        12575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     59094863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         9542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     56464913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         8468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62675144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         6382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     59951355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        12322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     56026935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     58531578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total           466332432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        12575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         8468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         6382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        12322                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          79558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        138768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             138768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        138768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        12765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     55091328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     58416759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        12575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     59094863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         9542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     56464913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         8468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62675144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         6382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     59951355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        12322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     56026935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     58531578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total          466471200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                   7379717                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     2196                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                59037736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  17568                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM           1888817856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                389696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                305440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys            1889207552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             562176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                12178                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                8022                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          123                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0         7621554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1         7273746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2         7411166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3         7201222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4         7214155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5         7408304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6         7390911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7         7504500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2            1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3            2312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4            2411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6            1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7            1489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                4051217181000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5            59037736                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              17568                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0               6663492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1               6716434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2               6776437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3               6804465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4               6826003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5               6852533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6               6904258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7               6975762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                681201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                632992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10               578161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11               552715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12               532768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13               507976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14               459204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15               391484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                32666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                27920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                22939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                20477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                18940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                17254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                14356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                10651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                 1015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                  806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                  612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                  494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                  444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                  389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                  333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                  255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                  112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples      7466653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.008047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.714974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.071553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63        29786      0.40%      0.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95        29217      0.39%      0.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26983      0.36%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159         2647      0.04%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191        26989      0.36%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223        29213      0.39%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255        29421      0.39%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7292397     97.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total      7466653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean 142543.915254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12383.108212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 365499.927046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          247     59.81%     59.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143          127     30.75%     90.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215           15      3.63%     94.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            5      1.21%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            1      0.24%     95.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            1      0.24%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            2      0.48%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            4      0.97%     97.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            3      0.73%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.24%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            2      0.48%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.70394e+06            2      0.48%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.09715e+06            1      0.24%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            1      0.24%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4.84966e+06-4.98074e+06            1      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.111380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.928540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.668077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16             35      8.47%      8.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::17              9      2.18%     10.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18              6      1.45%     12.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              4      0.97%     13.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::20              5      1.21%     14.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              7      1.69%     15.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::22              4      0.97%     16.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23             11      2.66%     19.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            240     58.11%     77.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::25             92     22.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat               1834173296872                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat          2834656504972                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat             188881785600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   31074.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              48024.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                     466.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                  466.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       4.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   4.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits               51560493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  7957                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                   548803.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3161730057117                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF  355969220400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT  533503949445                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          4910388739.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          4815058953.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          4789521273.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          4920188313.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0            3312563832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1            3248254056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2            3231026256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3            3319174656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         32080816435.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         31450042291.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2          31297256640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3          32143036224                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        8004925.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        10606049.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        9222128.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        10621808.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      566545172154.239990                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      198706276751.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      198051691049.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      197879331202.560028                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      198787568837.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      1798859584800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      1799433782784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2      1799584975632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      1798788275952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        2604422807637.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        2603554607337.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        2603336505287.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        2604514037946.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          79.195354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          79.168954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          79.162321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          79.198128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           118796651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          118796651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               3195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              3195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             79181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        24432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    237695496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    237719928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              237719928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        48864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave  30434405633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total  30434454497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total             30434454497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  59398325500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1960004900500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3195000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1597500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1306486500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2102000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       232500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       581500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8820495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    290185500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      1302120                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     57691851                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         2245                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           46                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         2110                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           95                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         8832                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         4639                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    285662306                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 527868239525                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       399493                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       467580                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       848500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     43280000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                       1315321                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                     57696631                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime           286129886                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime       527912767518                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             3555                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         118889115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1               118889115    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           118889115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded               12216                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         60709677000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           118885561                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       1960297265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization             48.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          118818596                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          118787629                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         118787629                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            79181                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1103                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            60                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1163                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            17587                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           17587                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3747576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3733932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3685989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3699171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3693503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3733388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3706641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3759930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3716001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3746693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3701305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3705354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3700038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3755670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3673197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3664736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total     59423124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3745817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3730404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3682883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3695095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3689219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3738370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3710044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3755056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3718377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3753451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3705347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3705024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3702261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3751160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3674917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3665627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total     59423053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3744544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3733391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3687541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3700775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3685485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3734106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3702179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3759581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3716513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3750309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3709034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3707296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3701608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3754887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3669594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3665993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total     59422837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3744265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3734260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3682813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3698075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3693669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3736997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3702230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3755486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3718566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3753316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3708501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3704678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3699662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3753221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3672039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3665149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total     59422927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             237691941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    480019712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    477993472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    471926272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    473611008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    472830976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    477931776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    474668032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    481484032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    475787776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    479808000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    473970176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    474395648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    473637120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    480958464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    470374656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    469196544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total   7608593664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    479788544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    477542400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    471531008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    473092352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    472286720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    478573312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    475109120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    480866048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    476089600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    480678144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    474489856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    474364160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    473925376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    480378112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    470588672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    469303040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total   7608606464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    479642368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    477930752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    472124928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    473822976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    471803136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    478023168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    474101248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    481452288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    475852032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    480274944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    474960896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    474645504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    473843200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    480854784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    469916160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    469353472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total   7608601857                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    479597056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    478036736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    471523840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    473468160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    472848896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    478389760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    474100480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    480915456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    476123904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    480662272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    474895872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    474318336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    473594624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    480649472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    470233600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    469245184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total   7608603648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total            30434405633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 166192872200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1168979246875                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    744258200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1542600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        82800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1630040                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     20649000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    168902233                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       274520                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       746789                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          108                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         9931                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          323                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    158909000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4448260436                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        43200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        16197                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     15569600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1451982                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                       284566                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                      747115                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime          174525600                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime        4449728615                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy        10571562600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded            7496289                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy        10459741400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded            7466815                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy        10343905600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded            7371512                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy        10380969400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded            7398419                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy        10345902000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded            7382036                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy        10469615800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded            7472359                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy        10428775000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded            7414021                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy        10577359600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded            7518706                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy        10439628000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded            7436946                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy        10563300400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            7505822                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy       10430875200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded           7415640                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy       10400899600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded           7413022                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy       10365798600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded           7402351                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy       10565049200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded           7511100                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy       10331102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded           7348102                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy       10284920400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded           7332420                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      292288618198                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          29701734                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      292287325817                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          29701663                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      292286336733                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          29701446                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      292287499900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          29701537                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                6.625526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide     6.625526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide     0.828191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.828191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.iocache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    118787629                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    118787629                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        79181                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1103                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           60                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1163                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        17587                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        17587                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     59423124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     59423053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     59422837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     59422927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    237691941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave   7608593664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave   7608606464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave   7608601857                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave   7608603648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total  30434405633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  95030103200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 475150516000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    316724000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       882400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        48000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       930400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     14069600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     70348000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     13382700                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           24                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         1417                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49832283800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      4728600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp              13384141                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime  49837055100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  23840011200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     29721390                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  23840241600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     29721390                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  23840933700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     29721391                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  23840641600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     29721390                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 475221795200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization         11.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    118806380                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          517469838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         517469832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              3195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             3195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            81909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5975                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            34068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           34068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     44693504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     77810160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47760081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     83144558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48104330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     83725884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     46151030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     80346358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     49531173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     86224068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        39096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47558897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     82794388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     46605364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     81135426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47115739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side     82022131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total            1035066793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5198848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5720840108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    155620320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5154304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6113376768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    166289116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7591680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6157744208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    167451768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5145088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5907305888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    160692716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5281792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6339954672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    172448136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5004288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6087509104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    165588776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5340160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5965478720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    162270852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5273856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6031231909                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    164044260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            49681837397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 261979471308                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 6487964025764                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3195000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1598498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2662045993                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2990493                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       605500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1972721                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        10000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     18211634                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    580543575                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     17046525                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      3987619                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         2767                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback        24057                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          928                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          110                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          904                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq        12170                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  13665373816                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  40583006315                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    356817545                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback    785143992                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1439500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1620500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     15222492                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        22500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19067306                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        61000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                     17088732                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                     3988532                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime        14829485159                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime       40598289807                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                           43730                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        517583999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47             517583999    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          517583999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       264666830928                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          517596216                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         664342129                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             20308                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      728143961478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            18.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          22344489                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy       39517073873                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded          38905080                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         659081442                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             20134                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy      778180043714                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            19.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          23877811                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy       42220073467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded          41572279                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy        966272030                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            29655                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy     783663508450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           19.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded         24048184                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy      42499704918                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded         41862942                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        657845793                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            20098                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy     751984031040                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           18.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded         23073902                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy      40802594325                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded         40173179                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy        675423769                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded            20632                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy     806807339060                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization           19.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded         24763818                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy      43752934063                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded         43112034                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy        640401312                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded            19548                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy     774737319084                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization           19.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded         23777867                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy      42026863925                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded         41397194                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy        682634922                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded            20860                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy     759488589776                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization           18.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded         23300503                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy      41206992583                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded         40567713                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy        674064463                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded            20601                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy     767568076167                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization           18.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded         23554395                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy      41638663018                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded         41011066                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       405119    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       405119    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       405119    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       405119    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples       405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0           405119    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total       405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0          405119    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total       405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                 118806018                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8191.847995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    37449571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 118806018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.315216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       33.562903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.046413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst     0.354835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   920.500040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.053905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst     0.409428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  1001.763576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.055473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.981290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1026.185451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.045276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst     0.320435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   949.641353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.076231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     0.462298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data  1297.054160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.048872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     0.233656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data  1026.935181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.042870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst     0.385319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   939.759523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.075037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst     0.518055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   992.335838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.112366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.000050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.122286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.125267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.115923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.158332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.125358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.114717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.121135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3087                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002075                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4259148690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4259148690                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38902450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         6151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      4431117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41569494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         6395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      4750594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41860258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst        13411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      4775629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40170444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         6075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      4581292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43109137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst         6538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      4858979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41394363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst         6388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      4672571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40564938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst         6498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data      4622585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41008359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         6487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data      4598974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               365929135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            81909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 81909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          333                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          434                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          240                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          246                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          161                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1767                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                746                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   272                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38902450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          6151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       4431165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41569494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          6395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       4750624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41860258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst         13411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       4775665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40170444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          6075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       4581312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43109137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          6538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data       4859024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41394363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          6388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data       4672586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40564938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          6498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data       4622621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41008359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst          6487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data       4599016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                365929407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38902450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         6151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      4431165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41569494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         6395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      4750624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41860258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst        13411                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      4775665                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40170444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         6075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      4581312                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43109137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst         6538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data      4859024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41394363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst         6388                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data      4672586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40564938                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst         6498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data      4622621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41008359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         6487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data      4599016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               365929407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        14157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     17903915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        13739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     19117650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        16244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data     19262499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        14023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data     18482702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        14094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data     19894124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        13160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data     19095083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst        14362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data     18667978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst        14114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data     18947794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             151507688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          178                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          153                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          113                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          368                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               1107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2040                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2171                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         2525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         2032                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         2210                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         2117                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         2090                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         2400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17585                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        14157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     17905955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        13739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     19119821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        16244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data     19265024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        14023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data     18484734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        14094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data     19896334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        13160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data     19097200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst        14362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data     18670068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst        14114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data     18950194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total              151525273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        14157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     17905955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        13739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     19119821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2684                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        16244                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data     19265024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        14023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data     18484734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        14094                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data     19896334                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2831                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        13160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data     19097200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst        14362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data     18670068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2706                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst        14114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data     18950194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total             151525273                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    328035489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1750491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2453595542994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    347485488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1675687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2615579240996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    328306492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1998358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2634548947991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    342815493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1733448500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2531801138986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    363145991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1730604500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2716512862489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    354804979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1584167500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2614256479481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker    346730480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1777742500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2556243990989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    344959484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1728537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2593678210494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    20732952685316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       858500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       459500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       144500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1854500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       263500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       422500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       500500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1448000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    469651999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    506899498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    362258500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    470905494                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    521540500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    474822498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    491033499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    526010499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3823122487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    328035489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1750491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2454065194993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    347485488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1675687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2616086140494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    328306492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1998358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2634911206491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    342815493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1733448500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2532272044480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    363145991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1730604500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2717034402989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    354804979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1584167500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2614731301979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker    346730480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1777742500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2556735024488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    344959484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1728537000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2594204220993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     20736775807803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    328035489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1750491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2454065194993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    347485488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1675687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2616086140494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    328306492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1998358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2634911206491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    342815493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1733448500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2532272044480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    363145991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1730604500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2717034402989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    354804979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1584167500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2614731301979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker    346730480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1777742500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2556735024488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    344959484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1728537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2594204220993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    20736775807803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38905080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        20308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     22335032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41572279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        20134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     23868244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41862942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        29655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     24038128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40173179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        20098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     23063994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43112034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        20632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data     24753103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41397194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        19548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data     23767654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40567713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        20860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data     23290563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41011065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        20601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data     23546768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           517436823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        81909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             81909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          511                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          330                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          547                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          614                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          299                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             2874                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          442                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            806                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2088                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2201                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2561                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2052                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2255                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2132                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2442                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             17857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38905080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        20308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     22337120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41572279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        20134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     23870445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41862942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        29655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     24040689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40173179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        20098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     23066046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43112034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        20632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data     24755358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41397194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        19548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data     23769786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40567713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        20860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data     23292689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41011065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        20601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data     23549210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            517454680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     38905080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        20308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     22337120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     41572279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        20134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     23870445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     41862942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        29655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     24040689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     40173179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        20098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     23066046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     43112034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        20632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data     24755358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     41397194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        19548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data     23769786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     40567713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        20860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data     23292689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     41011065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        20601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data     23549210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           517454680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.697114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.801607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.682378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.547766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.801331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.697731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.801366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.683114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.803702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.673215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.803406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.688495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.801525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.685112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.804688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.292804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.348337                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.463636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.206581                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.423529                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.191919                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.264151                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.599349                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.461538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.385177                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.015837                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.235294                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.163636                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.074442                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.977011                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.986370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.985943                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.990253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.980044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.992964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.983067                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.982801                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.984768                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.697114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.801623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.682378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.547766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.801351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.697731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.801383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.683114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.803718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.673215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.803423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.688495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.801542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.685112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.804706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.292828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.697114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.801623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.682378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.547766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.801351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.697731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.801383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.683114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.803718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.673215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.803423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.688495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.801542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.685112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.804706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.292828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124728.322814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 123648.442467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 137042.403463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 124770.372711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121965.718029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 136814.893096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 122319.855440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 123021.300172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 136770.880455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 125343.873126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 123614.668758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 136982.197678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 125352.430445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 122790.158933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 136548.503593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 125328.498410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 120377.469605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 136907.311661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 124947.920721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       139800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 123780.984543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 136932.022900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 127479.484109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       126000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122469.675500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 136885.497620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136844.228560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4823.033708                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   428.104575                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  2309.734513                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  6381.944444                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  2535.087719                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   177.989130                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1675.248419                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        26100                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9357.142857                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8187.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 43916.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 26406.250000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 55611.111111                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24133.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 230221.568137                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 233486.641179                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 143468.712871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 231744.829724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 235991.176471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 224290.268304                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 234944.257895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 219171.041250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217408.159625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124728.322814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 123648.442467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 137053.019233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 124770.372711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121965.718029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 136825.869891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 122319.855440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 123021.300172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 136771.758317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 125343.873126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 123614.668758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 136992.614797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 125352.430445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 122790.158933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 136559.549261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 125328.498410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 120377.469605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 136916.998407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 124947.920721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       139800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 123780.984543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 136942.994770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 127479.484109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       126000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122469.675500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 136895.918902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136853.578266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124728.322814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 123648.442467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 137053.019233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 124770.372711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121965.718029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 136825.869891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 122319.855440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 123021.300172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 136771.758317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 125343.873126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 123614.668758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 136992.614797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 125352.430445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 122790.158933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 136559.549261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 125328.498410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 120377.469605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 136916.998407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 124947.920721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       139800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 123780.984543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 136942.994770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 127479.484109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       126000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122469.675500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 136895.918902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136853.578266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                79181                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     79181                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst         8567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      3873155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst         9366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      4241872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst         4608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      4218754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst         9213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      4089765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst         9665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data      3931445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst        10113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data      3832430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst         9277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data      4411985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst         8930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data      4035736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32720052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total               9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst         8567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      3873155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst         9366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      4241872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst         4608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      4218754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst         9213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      4089765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst         9665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data      3931445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst        10113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data      3832430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst         9277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data      4411985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst         8930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data      4035736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total            32720052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1841                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst         8567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      3873155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst         9366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      4241872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst         4608                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      4218754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst         9213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      4089765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst         9665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data      3931445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2011                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst        10113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data      3832430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         2008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst         9277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data      4411985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst         8930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data      4035736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total           32720052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     14030760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     14875778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        11636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     15043745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         4810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     14392937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         4429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     15962679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     15262653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         5085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     14255993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         5184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     14912058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        118787636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          172                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          153                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          113                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           69                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          368                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          1098                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2525                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         2210                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         2117                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         2090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         2400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     14032800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     14877949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        11636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     15046270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         4810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     14394969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         4429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     15964889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     15264770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         5085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     14258083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         5184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     14914458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         118805221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     14032800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     14877949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        11636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     15046270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         4810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     14394969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         4429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     15964889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     15264770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         5085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     14258083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         5184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     14914458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        118805221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     99461489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    700993500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 1780912143497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    106853988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    542503500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 1885026797998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    106505992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1446213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 1905814968992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    100915493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    599202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 1826272157500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    105577991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    543886000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2015857300993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    103940479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    378531500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 1933866172490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     96850980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       644000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    631570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 1808982446491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    142515985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    636979500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 1890835435498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 15053910799356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      9475500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8385000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6189998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3957999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3108500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1558500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     20236499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7559998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60471994                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       500500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       272000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       384500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       467000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       328000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       927500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       531500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3465000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    447211999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    483018498                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    334483500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    448553494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    497230500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    451535498                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    468043499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    499610499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3629687487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     99461489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    700993500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 1781359355496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    106853988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    542503500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 1885509816496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    106505992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1446213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 1906149452492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    100915493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    599202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 1826720710994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    105577991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    543886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2016354531493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    103940479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    378531500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 1934317707988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     96850980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       644000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    631570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 1809450489990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    142515985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    636979500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 1891335045997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 15057540486843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     99461489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    700993500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 1781359355496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    106853988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    542503500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 1885509816496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    106505992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1446213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 1906149452492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    100915493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    599202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 1826720710994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    105577991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    543886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2016354531493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    103940479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    378531500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 1934317707988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     96850980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       644000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    631570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 1809450489990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker    142515985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    636979500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 1891335045997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 15057540486843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     22859498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     24415999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     23386987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     24459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     25649999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     24782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     24902997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     23400999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    193857479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      7658500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      8101000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      8221000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      7872000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data      8308500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      7963500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data      8021000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data      8181500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     64327000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     30517998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     32516999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     31607987                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     32331000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     33958499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     32745500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     32923997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     31582499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    258184479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.275261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.628195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.217195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.623246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.392379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.625828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.239327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.624044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.214667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.644876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.155873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.642161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.243768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.612093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.251638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.633295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.229569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.336595                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.463636                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.206581                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.405882                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.191919                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.599349                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.461538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382046                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.015837                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.115385                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.163636                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074442                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.977011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.986370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.985943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.990253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.980044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.992964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.983067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.982801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.275261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.628228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.217195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.623279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.392379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.625867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.239327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.624076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.214667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.644906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.155873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.642192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.243768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.612127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.251638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.633332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.229595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.275261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.628228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.217195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.623279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.392379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.625867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.239327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.624076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.214667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.644906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.155873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.642192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.243768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.612127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.251638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.633332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.229595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 126060.188847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 125401.341682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126929.128821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 124975.424561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124057.512005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126717.862958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 123700.339141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 124287.813682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 126684.875940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 127097.598237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 124574.220374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126886.691542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 124796.679669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 122801.083766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 126285.650485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 126756.681707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 124230.882836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 126705.768158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 126272.464146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       128800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 124202.654867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 126892.770394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 125014.021930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       115000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122874.131944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 126799.093425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126729.610137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 55090.116279                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54803.921569                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54778.743363                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 57362.304348                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54535.087719                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 55660.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54990.486413                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54782.594203                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55074.675774                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 62562.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54400                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54928.571429                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        58375                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 57968.750000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 59055.555556                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57750                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 219221.568137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 222486.641179                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 132468.712871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 220744.829724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 224991.176471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 213290.268304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 223944.257895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 208171.041250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206408.159625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 126060.188847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 125401.341682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126942.545714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 124975.424561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124057.512005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126731.837600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 123700.339141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 124287.813682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 126685.846558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 127097.598237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 124574.220374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126899.940597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 124796.679669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 122801.083766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 126299.314170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 126756.681707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 124230.882836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 126717.776160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 126272.464146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       128800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 124202.654867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 126906.996543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 125014.021930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       115000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122874.131944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 126812.187610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126741.403788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 126060.188847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 125401.341682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126942.545714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 124975.424561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124057.512005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126731.837600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 123700.339141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 124287.813682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 126685.846558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 127097.598237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 124574.220374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126899.940597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 124796.679669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 122801.083766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 126299.314170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 126756.681707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 124230.882836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 126717.776160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker 126272.464146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       128800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 124202.654867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 126906.996543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 125014.021930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       115000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122874.131944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 126812.187610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126741.403788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                    1315321                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.l2.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss             421                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     29701413                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     29701413    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      29701413                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19656                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19656    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19656                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     1876870098.909209                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    1787447144.631488                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    447521881.488357                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           45      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           24      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08        12771      3.15%      3.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           53      0.01%      3.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2484      0.61%      3.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08          267      0.07%      3.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08          348      0.09%      3.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09         5731      1.41%      5.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09         1109      0.27%      5.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09        25514      6.30%     11.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09         2031      0.50%     12.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09        33171      8.19%     20.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09        32360      7.99%     28.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09        46857     11.57%     40.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09        74268     18.33%     58.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09        26258      6.48%     64.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09        98105     24.22%     89.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09        11071      2.73%     91.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09        32003      7.90%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09          649      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        1876864948.896352      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                7603561728                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1242088.374033                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9035095.653028                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       394664     97.42%     97.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         5364      1.32%     98.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2619      0.65%     99.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1427      0.35%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          664      0.16%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          249      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           80      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           35      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       1242084.254897      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                5031936                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        29701413                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       102459.486419                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      100651.651974                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      23846.406586                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-65535            4446      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-131071     27275313     91.83%     91.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-196607      1940746      6.53%     98.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-262143       443925      1.49%     99.88% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-327679        33419      0.11%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-393215         1800      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-458751          766      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-524287          425      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-589823          327      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-655359          151      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::655360-720895           78      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::720896-786431           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::786432-851967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          29701413                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            29701413                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           136397.663640                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          68571.189440                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                 3149      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000              204      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000             735      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000           10845      0.04%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000           12184      0.04%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000           17911      0.06%      0.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000          111351      0.37%      0.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000           99198      0.33%      0.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000           85619      0.29%      1.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000          390273      1.31%      2.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000          389407      1.31%      3.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000          248551      0.84%      4.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000          385421      1.30%      5.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000         1021193      3.44%      9.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000          478618      1.61%     10.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000          500085      1.68%     12.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000         1169656      3.94%     16.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000         1086904      3.66%     20.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000          660555      2.22%     22.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000        1177512      3.96%     26.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows          21852042     73.57%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value           6548000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              29701413                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             19656                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         206087873.168498                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1250448297.222281                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             2      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             2      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             4      0.02%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             1      0.01%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             3      0.02%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             9      0.05%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             5      0.03%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             5      0.03%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             7      0.04%      0.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            16      0.08%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             8      0.04%      0.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             7      0.04%      0.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            20      0.10%      0.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            23      0.12%      0.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            11      0.06%      0.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           16      0.08%      0.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19517     99.29%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           21000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9810203000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               19656                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              29721069                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             136307.457178                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            68456.310072                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                   3149      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                204      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000               737      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000             10854      0.04%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000             12262      0.04%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000             17973      0.06%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000            111440      0.37%      0.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             99645      0.34%      0.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             85855      0.29%      1.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000            390558      1.31%      2.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000            390515      1.31%      3.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000            249155      0.84%      4.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000            385982      1.30%      5.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000           1021663      3.44%      9.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000            481825      1.62%     10.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000            501098      1.69%     12.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000           1170392      3.94%     16.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000           1089507      3.67%     20.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000            661692      2.23%     22.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000          1179220      3.97%     26.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows            21857343     73.54%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value             6548000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                29721069                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.752739                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.555390                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           124941     30.84%     30.84% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1           255416     63.05%     93.89% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2            24753      6.11%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                9      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          405119    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            73.315238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean           69.822112                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           17.481174                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                    52      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                12786      3.16%      3.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                 611      0.15%      3.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                2193      0.54%      3.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                5462      1.35%      5.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                1722      0.43%      5.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55               26735      6.60%     12.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63               51846     12.80%     25.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71               27468      6.78%     31.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79              109117     26.93%     58.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87              114609     28.29%     87.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95               26958      6.65%     93.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103              25560      6.31%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.048519                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.352933                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 394664     97.42%     97.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   5364      1.32%     98.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                   2619      0.65%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                   1427      0.35%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    664      0.16%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                    249      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     80      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                     35      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                     11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     29701391                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     29701391    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      29701391                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19728                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19728    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19728                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     1876868708.700407                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean    1787437661.922140                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    447533607.505483                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           45      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           26      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08        12768      3.15%      3.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           54      0.01%      3.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2469      0.61%      3.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08          282      0.07%      3.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08          342      0.08%      3.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09         5739      1.42%      5.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09         1112      0.27%      5.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09        25510      6.30%     11.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09         2000      0.49%     12.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09        33227      8.20%     20.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09        32335      7.98%     28.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09        46816     11.56%     40.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09        74308     18.34%     58.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09        26160      6.46%     64.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09        98191     24.24%     89.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09        11061      2.73%     91.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09        32046      7.91%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09          628      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        1876863558.692159      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                7603556096                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1246638.148297                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   8970677.912845                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       394572     97.40%     97.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         5356      1.32%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2756      0.68%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1421      0.35%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          630      0.16%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          271      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           84      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           17      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       1246634.014073      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                5050368                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        29701391                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       102464.611954                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      100654.951801                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      23858.157071                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-65535            4608      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-131071     27274058     91.83%     91.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-196607      1941441      6.54%     98.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-262143       444134      1.50%     99.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-327679        33636      0.11%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::327680-393215         1778      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::393216-458751          685      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::458752-524287          481      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::524288-589823          334      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::589824-655359          146      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::655360-720895           79      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::720896-786431           11      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::786432-851967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          29701391                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            29701391                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           136397.788205                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          68571.320952                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                 3199      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000              195      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000             703      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000           10895      0.04%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000           12185      0.04%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000           18298      0.06%      0.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000          111766      0.38%      0.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000           98490      0.33%      0.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000           85789      0.29%      1.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000          389759      1.31%      2.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000          389726      1.31%      3.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000          247634      0.83%      4.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000          386732      1.30%      5.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000         1021766      3.44%      9.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000          478970      1.61%     10.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000          501168      1.69%     12.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000         1169453      3.94%     16.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000         1083829      3.65%     20.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000          661243      2.23%     22.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000        1176514      3.96%     26.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows          21853077     73.58%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value           5987000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              29701391                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             19728                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         205231137.469586                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1247587015.608945                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             2      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             2      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             6      0.03%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             9      0.05%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             4      0.02%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             4      0.02%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             7      0.04%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            15      0.08%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            13      0.07%      0.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             5      0.03%      0.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            19      0.10%      0.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            15      0.08%      0.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            14      0.07%      0.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           13      0.07%      0.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19600     99.35%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           21000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9815302000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               19728                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              29721119                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             136307.226824                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            68450.739006                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                   3199      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                195      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000               706      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000             10909      0.04%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000             12277      0.04%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000             18347      0.06%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000            111842      0.38%      0.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             98979      0.33%      0.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             86025      0.29%      1.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000            390041      1.31%      2.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000            390769      1.31%      3.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000            248269      0.84%      4.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000            387340      1.30%      5.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000           1022205      3.44%      9.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000            482162      1.62%     10.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000            502139      1.69%     12.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000           1170154      3.94%     16.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000           1086404      3.66%     20.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000            662370      2.23%     22.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000          1178229      3.96%     26.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows            21858558     73.55%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value             5987000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                29721119                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.750992                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.554034                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           125162     30.90%     30.90% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1           255686     63.11%     94.01% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2            24258      5.99%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3               13      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          405119    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            73.315184                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean           69.821779                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           17.481621                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                    52      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                12786      3.16%      3.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                 612      0.15%      3.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                2188      0.54%      3.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                5470      1.35%      5.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                1697      0.42%      5.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55               26739      6.60%     12.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63               51863     12.80%     25.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71               27524      6.79%     31.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79              109059     26.92%     58.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87              114634     28.30%     87.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95               26975      6.66%     93.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103              25520      6.30%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.048697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.350417                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 394572     97.40%     97.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   5356      1.32%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                   2756      0.68%     99.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                   1421      0.35%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    630      0.16%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                    271      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     84      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     17      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                     11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     29701157                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     29701157    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      29701157                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19945                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.987215                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.928836                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     1.805607                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19944     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19945                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     1876853985.125358                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean    1787419653.714050                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    447532829.876551                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           43      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           27      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08        12770      3.15%      3.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           54      0.01%      3.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2478      0.61%      3.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08          272      0.07%      3.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08          337      0.08%      3.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09         5743      1.42%      5.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09         1114      0.27%      5.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09        25509      6.30%     11.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09         2013      0.50%     12.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09        33213      8.20%     20.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09        32330      7.98%     28.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09        46923     11.58%     40.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09        74181     18.31%     58.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09        26198      6.47%     64.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09        98189     24.24%     89.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09        11029      2.72%     91.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09        32082      7.92%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09          614      0.15%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        1876848771.974839      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                7603496192                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1260287.471089                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9080267.890981                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       394552     97.39%     97.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         5321      1.31%     98.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2770      0.68%     99.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1415      0.35%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          650      0.16%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          275      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08          101      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           26      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       1260283.538439      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                5105665                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        29701157                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       102466.359321                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      100655.473801                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      23872.692313                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-65535            4518      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-131071     27274442     91.83%     91.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-196607      1939855      6.53%     98.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-262143       444635      1.50%     99.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-327679        34091      0.11%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::327680-393215         1882      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::393216-458751          709      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::458752-524287          414      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::524288-589823          374      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::589824-655359          141      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::655360-720895           86      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::720896-786431           10      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::786432-851967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          29701157                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            29701157                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           136398.838570                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          68584.889707                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                 3134      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000              212      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000             712      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000           10804      0.04%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000           12201      0.04%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000           17777      0.06%      0.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000          111717      0.38%      0.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000           99573      0.34%      0.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000           85636      0.29%      1.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000          389707      1.31%      2.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000          390145      1.31%      3.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000          247973      0.83%      4.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000          386331      1.30%      5.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000         1021477      3.44%      9.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000          478895      1.61%     10.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000          499641      1.68%     12.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000         1169744      3.94%     16.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000         1084436      3.65%     20.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000          661216      2.23%     22.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000        1177779      3.97%     26.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows          21852047     73.57%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value           7515000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              29701157                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             19945                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         203156954.524944                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1239686019.206022                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             3      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             3      0.02%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             5      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             5      0.03%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             6      0.03%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            11      0.06%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            22      0.11%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            11      0.06%      0.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            10      0.05%      0.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            12      0.06%      0.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            15      0.08%      0.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            10      0.05%      0.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           11      0.06%      0.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19820     99.37%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           20000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9803855000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               19945                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              29721102                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             136307.327232                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            68460.532717                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                   3134      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                212      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000               715      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000             10816      0.04%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000             12281      0.04%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000             17828      0.06%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000            111803      0.38%      0.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000            100063      0.34%      0.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             85873      0.29%      1.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000            390022      1.31%      2.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000            391259      1.32%      3.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000            248571      0.84%      4.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000            386914      1.30%      5.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000           1021909      3.44%      9.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000            482116      1.62%     10.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000            500683      1.68%     12.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000           1170471      3.94%     16.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000           1087084      3.66%     20.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000            662403      2.23%     22.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000          1179531      3.97%     26.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows            21857414     73.54%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value             7515000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                29721102                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.752952                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.555991                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           125011     30.86%     30.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1           255191     62.99%     93.85% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2            24907      6.15%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3               10      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          405119    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            73.314606                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean           69.821053                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           17.481554                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                    52      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                12787      3.16%      3.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                 619      0.15%      3.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                2180      0.54%      3.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                5467      1.35%      5.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                1719      0.42%      5.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55               26740      6.60%     12.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63               51723     12.77%     25.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71               27587      6.81%     31.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79              109069     26.92%     58.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87              114663     28.30%     87.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95               26991      6.66%     93.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103              25522      6.30%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.049230                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.354698                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 394552     97.39%     97.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   5321      1.31%     98.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                   2770      0.68%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                   1415      0.35%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                    650      0.16%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    275      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    101      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                     26      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     29701255                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     29701255    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      29701255                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19853                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19853    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19853                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     1876860114.682353                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    1787421808.792585                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    447547176.327982                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           42      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           26      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08        12770      3.15%      3.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           53      0.01%      3.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2478      0.61%      3.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08          265      0.07%      3.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08          345      0.09%      3.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09         5739      1.42%      5.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09         1107      0.27%      5.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09        25543      6.31%     11.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09         2006      0.50%     12.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09        33187      8.19%     20.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09        32335      7.98%     28.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09        46907     11.58%     40.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09        74240     18.33%     58.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09        26120      6.45%     64.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09        98238     24.25%     89.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09        11075      2.73%     91.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09        32004      7.90%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09          639      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        1876854964.702606      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                7603521280                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1254537.061950                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9042414.584843                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       394608     97.41%     97.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         5281      1.30%     98.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2720      0.67%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1462      0.36%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          658      0.16%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          269      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           91      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       1254532.901530      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                5082368                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        29701255                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       102459.830172                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      100651.437776                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      23848.754153                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-65535            4552      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-131071     27274912     91.83%     91.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-196607      1940459      6.53%     98.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-262143       444150      1.50%     99.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-327679        33608      0.11%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::327680-393215         1860      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::393216-458751          727      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::458752-524287          454      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::524288-589823          289      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::589824-655359          131      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::655360-720895           99      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::720896-786431           14      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::786432-851967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          29701255                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            29701255                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           136398.387880                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          68599.367798                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                 3152      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000              231      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000             763      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000           10846      0.04%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000           12023      0.04%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000           18136      0.06%      0.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000          112803      0.38%      0.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000           99325      0.33%      0.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000           85937      0.29%      1.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000          388389      1.31%      2.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000          390297      1.31%      3.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000          248159      0.84%      4.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000          387615      1.31%      5.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000         1020090      3.43%      9.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000          479403      1.61%     10.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000          500778      1.69%     12.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000         1168527      3.93%     16.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000         1084645      3.65%     20.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000          660327      2.22%     22.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000        1177008      3.96%     26.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows          21852801     73.58%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          10387000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              29701255                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             19853                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         204008073.641263                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1239970123.807007                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             2      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             3      0.02%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             1      0.01%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             7      0.04%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             7      0.04%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             2      0.01%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             6      0.03%      0.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            19      0.10%      0.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            11      0.06%      0.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            19      0.10%      0.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            18      0.09%      0.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            20      0.10%      0.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             8      0.04%      0.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           21      0.11%      0.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19708     99.27%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           18000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9803170000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               19853                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              29721108                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             136307.276970                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            68476.060585                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                   3152      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                231      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000               764      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000             10856      0.04%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000             12091      0.04%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000             18182      0.06%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000            112873      0.38%      0.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             99782      0.34%      0.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             86188      0.29%      1.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000            388683      1.31%      2.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000            391380      1.32%      3.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000            248726      0.84%      4.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000            388207      1.31%      5.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000           1020528      3.43%      9.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000            482582      1.62%     10.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000            501770      1.69%     12.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000           1169225      3.93%     16.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000           1087276      3.66%     20.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000            661441      2.23%     22.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000          1178727      3.97%     26.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows            21858444     73.55%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            10387000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                29721108                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.752539                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.556427                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           125227     30.91%     30.91% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1           254933     62.93%     93.84% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2            24942      6.16%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3               17      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          405119    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            73.314846                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean           69.821133                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           17.481990                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                    52      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                12789      3.16%      3.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                 604      0.15%      3.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                2195      0.54%      3.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                5465      1.35%      5.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                1713      0.42%      5.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55               26733      6.60%     12.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63               51829     12.79%     25.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71               27461      6.78%     31.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79              109140     26.94%     58.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87              114603     28.29%     87.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95               26948      6.65%     93.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103              25587      6.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.049005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.353219                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 394608     97.41%     97.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   5281      1.30%     98.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                   2720      0.67%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                   1462      0.36%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                    658      0.16%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                    269      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     91      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    118805265                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271    118805265    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      118805265                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        79182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.996780                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.982073                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.906206                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        79181    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         79182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      7507452907.417327                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     7149996288.128214                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     1789502053.228156                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-5.36871e+08           36      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09           27      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09        12777      3.15%      3.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09           57      0.01%      3.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09         2312      0.57%      3.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09          428      0.11%      3.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09          346      0.09%      3.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09         5767      1.42%      5.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09          776      0.19%      5.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09        25801      6.37%     11.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09         2083      0.51%     12.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09        40182      9.92%     22.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09        24885      6.14%     28.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09        43725     10.79%     39.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09        77904     19.23%     58.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09        32171      7.94%     66.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09        91926     22.69%     89.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09        10350      2.55%     91.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10        33176      8.19%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10          390      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           405119                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         7507432244.265957      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                30414135296                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     5003551.055369                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    30450545.682030                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       392482     96.88%     96.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         2208      0.55%     97.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         1665      0.41%     97.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         2777      0.69%     98.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1192      0.29%     98.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1092      0.27%     99.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1728      0.43%     99.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          597      0.15%     99.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          475      0.12%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          537      0.13%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08          179      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           87      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           75      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08           14      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          405119                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        5003534.708940      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                20270337                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        118805216                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        116738.740284                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       114451.304990                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       27711.959910                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-65535            16815      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-131071    102204764     86.03%     86.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-196607     13208709     11.12%     97.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-262143      2688990      2.26%     99.42% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-327679       656364      0.55%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-393215        22097      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-458751         2727      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-524287         2059      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-589823         1462      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-655359          828      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::655360-720895          345      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::720896-786431           45      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::786432-851967           11      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          118805216                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            118805265                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            34099.528110                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           31688.112593                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000              12152743     10.23%     10.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000           5788972      4.87%     15.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000         10507863      8.84%     23.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         28071916     23.63%     47.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000          5880330      4.95%     52.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000          5729873      4.82%     57.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000         11044971      9.30%     66.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          5287022      4.45%     71.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          3244956      2.73%     73.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          6094627      5.13%     78.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          4023145      3.39%     82.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          2141721      1.80%     84.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          2387353      2.01%     86.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          2971231      2.50%     88.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          1520637      1.28%     89.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          1282552      1.08%     91.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          1573605      1.32%     92.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          1760550      1.48%     93.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           819801      0.69%     94.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000         1067814      0.90%     95.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows            5453583      4.59%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            5456000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              118805265                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              79182                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          51163186.519664                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         572787574.692528                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            854      1.08%      1.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             87      0.11%      1.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             97      0.12%      1.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            557      0.70%      2.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            153      0.19%      2.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            124      0.16%      2.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            361      0.46%      2.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            193      0.24%      3.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            119      0.15%      3.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            146      0.18%      3.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            310      0.39%      3.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            159      0.20%      3.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            156      0.20%      4.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            252      0.32%      4.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            208      0.26%      4.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            130      0.16%      4.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           195      0.25%      5.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            75081     94.82%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       9719797000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                79182                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              118884447                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              34076.816078                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             31664.391454                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                12159902     10.23%     10.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000             5797542      4.88%     15.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000           10518133      8.85%     23.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           28109011     23.64%     47.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            5894343      4.96%     52.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            5733041      4.82%     57.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000           11046133      9.29%     66.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            5295125      4.45%     71.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            3245906      2.73%     73.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            6094078      5.13%     78.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            4026890      3.39%     82.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            2142179      1.80%     84.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            2386627      2.01%     86.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            2969360      2.50%     88.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            1525315      1.28%     89.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            1281291      1.08%     91.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            1572160      1.32%     92.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            1758990      1.48%     93.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000             818702      0.69%     94.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           1066330      0.90%     95.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows              5443389      4.58%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              5456000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                118884447                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       3.424019                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.496287                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              9746      2.41%      2.41% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1             31540      7.79%     10.19% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2             65989     16.29%     26.48% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3            102894     25.40%     51.88% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4            100526     24.81%     76.69% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5             61911     15.28%     91.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6             25220      6.23%     98.20% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7              6388      1.58%     99.78% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8               905      0.22%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        405119                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           405119    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       405119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            293.259995                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean           279.296268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            69.904171                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                    52      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                12790      3.16%      3.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                  792      0.20%      3.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                2021      0.50%      3.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159               5826      1.44%      5.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191               1666      0.41%      5.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223              26496      6.54%     12.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255              57293     14.14%     26.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287              25926      6.40%     32.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319             105548     26.05%     58.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351             118517     29.25%     88.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383              25660      6.33%     94.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415              22532      5.56%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.195451                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.189474                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                392482     96.88%     96.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  3873      0.96%     97.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                  2777      0.69%     98.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                  2284      0.56%     99.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                  1728      0.43%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                1072      0.26%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                 537      0.13%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                 266      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  75      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                  20      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              405119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   101837034                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                  19453641                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   22060332                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      743                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               121290675                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               22061075                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        123897366                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                       19454384                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    143351750                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   164392856                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               164392856                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        164392856                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    164392856                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7893984632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  164382437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    164645638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            144603898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      74118                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     20047061                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   144603898                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          310762867                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         102526234                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           799528134                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           60276989                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    123915572                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  101846157                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  22069415                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              763393172.317774                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7130591459.682226                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.903294                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.096706                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         20127117                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 40743736     24.74%     24.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    9727      0.01%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                52      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               101846157     61.85%     86.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               22069415     13.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 164669087                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      18                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            20308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          164575499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            20308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          8103.973754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        328806020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       328806020                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst    164372548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      164372548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst    164372548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       164372548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst    164372548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      164372548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        20308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        20308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        20308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         20308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        20308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        20308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1901571129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1901571129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1901571129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1901571129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1901571129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1901571129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    164392856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    164392856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    164392856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    164392856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    164392856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    164392856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 93636.553526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93636.553526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 93636.553526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93636.553526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 93636.553526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93636.553526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        20308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        20308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        20308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1852290871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852290871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1852290871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852290871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1852290871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852290871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 91209.910922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91209.910922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 91209.910922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91209.910922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 91209.910922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91209.910922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              4689                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         22337780                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          252.244437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          101566757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         22337780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.546860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   252.244437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.985330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        270133695                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       270133695                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     79493940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       79493940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     22052285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22052285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1779                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1779                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2402                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2402                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    101546225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       101546225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    101548004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      101548004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     22337295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22337295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         5187                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5187                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          444                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          444                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     22342482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      22342482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     22342926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     22342926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2576423276093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2576423276093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    579612921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    579612921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     61564405                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     61564405                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1664497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1664497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        93500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        93500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2577002889014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2577002889014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2577002889014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2577002889014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    101831235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    101831235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     22057472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22057472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2223                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2223                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    123888707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    123888707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    123890930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    123890930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.219356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.199730                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.199730                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.194733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.194733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.029887                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029887                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115341.775989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115341.775989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 111743.381724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111743.381724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126156.567623                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126156.567623                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22493.202703                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22493.202703                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115340.940591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115340.940591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115338.648529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115338.648529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          444                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          444                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     22337295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22337295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          444                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     22342482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     22342482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     22342926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     22342926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2527686268661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2527686268661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    569113187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569113187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     59272088                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59272088                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2155507                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2155507                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1532503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1532503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        87500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        87500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2528255381848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2528255381848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2528314653936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2528314653936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     36814151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     36814151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     84233500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     84233500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    121047651                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    121047651                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.219356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.199730                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199730                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.017558                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017558                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.027464                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027464                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 113159.908962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113159.908962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 109719.141508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109719.141508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 133495.693694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133495.693694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48988.795455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48988.795455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22536.808824                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22536.808824                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 113159.110158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113159.110158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 113159.514288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113159.514288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry            627842                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   108594380                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                  20787318                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   23345495                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      786                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     7                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               129381698                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               23346281                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        131939875                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                       20788104                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    152727979                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   175170800                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               175170800                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        175170800                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    175170800                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7893984823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  175161257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    175430278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            154015930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      74452                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     21414550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   154015930                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          330869854                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         109291990                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           852145470                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           64378599                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    131955073                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  108603268                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  23351805                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              287074094.348840                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7606910728.651160                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.963634                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.036366                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         21497132                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 43485643     24.79%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   10107      0.01%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                32      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               108603268     61.90%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               23351805     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 175450855                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            20134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          175342074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            20134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          8708.755041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        350361734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       350361734                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst    175150666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      175150666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst    175150666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       175150666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst    175150666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      175150666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        20134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        20134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        20134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         20134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        20134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        20134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1828385942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1828385942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1828385942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1828385942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1828385942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1828385942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    175170800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    175170800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    175170800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    175170800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    175170800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    175170800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 90810.864309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90810.864309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 90810.864309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90810.864309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 90810.864309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90810.864309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        20134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        20134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        20134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1778665058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1778665058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1778665058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1778665058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1778665058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1778665058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 88341.365749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88341.365749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 88341.365749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88341.365749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 88341.365749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88341.365749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              5486                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         23871238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.685944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           19290948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23871238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.808125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   254.685944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.994867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        287752316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       287752316                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     84717836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       84717836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     23337660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23337660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1755                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1755                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2007                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2007                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2348                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2348                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    108055496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       108055496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    108057251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      108057251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     23870715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23870715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          451                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          451                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     23875682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      23875682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     23876133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     23876133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2747137040359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2747137040359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    620075995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    620075995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     61982417                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     61982417                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2074000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2074000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       120000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       120000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2747757116354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2747757116354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2747757116354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2747757116354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    108588551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    108588551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     23342627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23342627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2206                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2206                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2461                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2461                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    131931178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    131931178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    131933384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    131933384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000213                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.204442                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.204442                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.193652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.193652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.045916                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045916                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115083.986398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115083.986398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124839.137306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124839.137306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128594.226141                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128594.226141                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18353.982301                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18353.982301                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115086.015820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115086.015820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115083.841942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115083.841942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             9909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          449                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          449                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     23870715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23870715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          451                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     23875682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23875682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     23876133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23876133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2694956080619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2694956080619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    610077137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    610077137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     60049080                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60049080                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1819503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1819503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1866000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1866000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       110000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2695566157756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2695566157756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2695626206836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2695626206836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     39213675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     39213675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     87148500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     87148500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    126362175                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    126362175                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.204442                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204442                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.013258                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013258                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.044291                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044291                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 112898.004128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112898.004128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 122826.079525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122826.079525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 133146.518847                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133146.518847                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 55136.454545                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55136.454545                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17119.266055                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17119.266055                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 112900.069525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112900.069525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 112900.451963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112900.451963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry            652475                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   109508479                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                  20932665                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   23658169                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      797                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                    10                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               130441144                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               23658966                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        133166648                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                       20933462                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    154100110                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                   176823132                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses               176823132                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                        176823132                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                    176823132                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7933995861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  176812212                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    177134585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            155549434                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      86293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     21584437                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   155549434                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          334162352                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         110356548                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           860020992                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           64925706                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    133186148                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  109520394                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  23665754                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              232112764.483088                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7701883096.516912                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.970745                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.029255                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         21680481                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 43964326     24.82%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   10246      0.01%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                40      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               109520394     61.82%     86.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               23665754     13.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 177160760                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            29655                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          176941729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            29655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          5966.674389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        353675919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       353675919                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst    176793477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      176793477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst    176793477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       176793477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst    176793477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      176793477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        29655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         29655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        29655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2285252530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2285252530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2285252530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2285252530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2285252530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2285252530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    176823132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    176823132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    176823132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    176823132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    176823132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    176823132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 77061.289159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77061.289159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 77061.289159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77061.289159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 77061.289159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77061.289159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        29655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2220973470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2220973470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2220973470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2220973470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2220973470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2220973470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 74893.726859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74893.726859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 74893.726859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74893.726859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 74893.726859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74893.726859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry              2351                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         24041861                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.595622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          140141932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         24041861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.829080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   255.595622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.998420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        290374972                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       290374972                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data     85459127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       85459127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data     23648531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23648531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         4599                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         4599                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data    109107658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       109107658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data    109112257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      109112257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data     24039417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24039417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         5866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          858                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          858                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          894                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          894                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          516                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          516                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data     24045283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      24045283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data     24046141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     24046141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2766861691674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2766861691674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    460477060                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    460477060                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     92232496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     92232496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7663495                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7663495                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2767322168734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2767322168734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2767322168734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2767322168734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    109498544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    109498544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     23654397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23654397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         5457                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         5457                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3367                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3367                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data    133152941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133152941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data    133158398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133158398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.219541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.157229                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.157229                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.263717                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.263717                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.153252                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.153252                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 115096.871595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115096.871595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 78499.328333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78499.328333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 103168.340045                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103168.340045                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14851.734496                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14851.734496                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 115087.943391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115087.943391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 115083.836892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115083.836892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            12976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          858                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     24039417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     24039417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          858                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          858                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          515                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     24045283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24045283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     24046141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24046141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2714363566570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714363566570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    448670234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448670234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     90084504                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90084504                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2091000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2091000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6631505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6631505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2714812236804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714812236804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2714902321308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714902321308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     37409769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     37409769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     37991501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     37991501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     75401270                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     75401270                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.219541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.157229                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157229                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.010619                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010619                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.152955                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152955                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 112913.036392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112913.036392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 76486.572451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76486.572451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 104993.594406                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104993.594406                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 58083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12876.708738                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12876.708738                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 112904.149924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112904.149924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 112903.867665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112903.867665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry            666792                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   105313526                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                  20087728                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   22938864                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      762                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     6                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               125401254                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               22939626                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        128252390                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                       20088490                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    148340880                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                   170038397                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses               170038397                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                        170038397                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                    170038397                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7893985332                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  170028652                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    170295626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            149600884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      73766                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     20694451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   149600884                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          321639302                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         106004185                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           826897357                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           62216739                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    128266991                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  105322245                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  22944746                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              534287776.398203                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              7359697555.601797                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.932317                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.067683                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         20775982                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 42038653     24.68%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9931      0.01%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                48      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               105322245     61.84%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               22944746     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 170315623                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      22                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            20098                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          170160418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            20098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          8466.534879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        340096892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       340096892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst    170018299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      170018299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst    170018299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       170018299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst    170018299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      170018299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        20098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         20098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        20098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1883402293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1883402293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1883402293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1883402293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1883402293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1883402293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    170038397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    170038397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    170038397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    170038397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    170038397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    170038397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 93710.931088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93710.931088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 93710.931088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93710.931088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 93710.931088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93710.931088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1833884707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833884707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1833884707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833884707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1833884707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833884707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 91247.124440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91247.124440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 91247.124440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91247.124440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 91247.124440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91247.124440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry              5304                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         23066793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.311654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          136714536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23066793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.926898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   253.311654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.989499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        279573757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       279573757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data     82240796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       82240796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data     22930900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22930900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1813                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1813                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data    105171696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       105171696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data    105173509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      105173509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data     23066759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23066759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         5021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          457                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          457                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          489                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          489                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data     23071780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      23071780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data     23072237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     23072237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2658780420986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2658780420986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    586628251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    586628251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     61669892                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     61669892                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2392998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2392998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2659367049237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2659367049237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2659367049237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2659367049237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    105307555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    105307555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     22935921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22935921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2270                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2270                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2581                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2581                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2545                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2545                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data    128243476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    128243476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data    128245746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    128245746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.219042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.201322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.201322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.189461                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.189461                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.045580                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045580                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115264.585761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115264.585761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 116834.943438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116834.943438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126114.298569                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126114.298569                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20629.293103                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20629.293103                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115264.927510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115264.927510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115262.644417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115262.644417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             9344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          450                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          450                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     23066759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23066759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         5021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          457                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     23071780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23071780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     23072237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23072237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2608362857530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2608362857530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    576522393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    576522393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     59337604                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59337604                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2187504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2187504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2166002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2608939379923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2608939379923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2608998717527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2608998717527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     39275094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     39275094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     85700000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     85700000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    124975094                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124975094                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.219042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.201322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.015110                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015110                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.044794                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044794                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113078.861991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113078.861991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 114822.225254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114822.225254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129841.584245                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129841.584245                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 56089.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56089.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 19000.017544                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19000.017544                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113079.241390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113079.241390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113079.573408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113079.573408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry            639472                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                   112948296                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                  21557238                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                   24544064                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                      823                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     8                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses               134505534                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses               24544887                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                        137492360                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                       21558061                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                    159050421                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                   182313101                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses               182313101                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                        182313101                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                    182313101                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                      8102344170                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                  182303409                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                    182580860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses            160374874                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      75812                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts     22205854                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                   160374874                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads          344774173                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes         113663432                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads           886659339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           66756505                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                    137507552                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                  112957483                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                  24550069                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              71015.468447                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              8102273154.531553                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.999991                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.000009                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                         22290174                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 45083600     24.69%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   10360      0.01%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                28      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead               112957483     61.86%     86.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite               24550069     13.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                 182601540                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            20632                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs          182418487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            20632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          8841.531941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses        364646834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses       364646834                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst    182292469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      182292469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst    182292469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total       182292469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst    182292469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total      182292469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        20632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        20632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        20632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         20632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        20632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        20632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1884924769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1884924769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1884924769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1884924769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1884924769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1884924769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst    182313101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    182313101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst    182313101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total    182313101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst    182313101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total    182313101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 91359.285043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91359.285043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 91359.285043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91359.285043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 91359.285043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91359.285043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        20632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        20632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        20632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1833893231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833893231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1833893231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833893231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   1833893231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833893231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 88885.868117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88885.868117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 88885.868117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88885.868117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 88885.868117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88885.868117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry              4867                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements         24756226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.992078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs          228678118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         24756226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.237196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   255.992078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        299742738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses       299742738                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data     88185886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       88185886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data     24535868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      24535868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1888                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1888                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data    112721754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total       112721754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data    112723642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total      112723642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data     24756325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24756325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         5297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          506                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          506                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          506                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          506                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data     24761622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total      24761622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data     24762128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total     24762128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2851644038750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2851644038750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    632463068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    632463068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     66247412                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     66247412                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1308999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1308999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       161500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       161500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2852276501818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2852276501818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2852276501818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2852276501818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    112942211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    112942211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data     24541165                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24541165                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2394                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2394                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data    137483376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total    137483376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data    137485770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total    137485770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.219195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.211362                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.211362                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.201835                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.201835                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.036261                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.036261                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.180106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.180107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 115188.503897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115188.503897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 119400.239381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119400.239381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 130923.739130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130923.739130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 14544.433333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14544.433333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 115189.404871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115189.404871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 115187.051041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115187.051041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total            10065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data          475                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          475                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     24756319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     24756319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         5297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          489                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     24761616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24761616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     24762105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24762105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2797999250666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2797999250666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    621742346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    621742346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     66481082                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66481082                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1873006                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1873006                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1144001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1144001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       153500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2798620993012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2798620993012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2798687474094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2798687474094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     41374698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     41374698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     87603500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     87603500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    128978198                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    128978198                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.219195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.204261                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204261                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.012365                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012365                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.034649                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034649                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.180106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.180107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113021.618871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113021.618871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 117376.316028                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117376.316028                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 135953.132924                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135953.132924                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 60419.548387                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60419.548387                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13302.337209                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13302.337209                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113022.550427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113022.550427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113023.003258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113023.003258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry            636387                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                   108657712                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                  20699771                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                   23769715                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                      790                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses               129357483                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses               23770505                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                        132427427                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                       20700561                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                    153127988                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                   175461272                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses               175461272                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                        175461272                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                    175461272                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                      7893985766                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                  175451777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                    175719251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses            154395760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      72673                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts     21321203                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                   154395760                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads          332065269                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes         109345710                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads           853194972                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           64096953                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                    132440175                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                  108666333                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                  23773842                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              302148243.761185                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              7591837522.238814                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.961724                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.038276                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                         21402064                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 43287107     24.63%     24.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   10044      0.01%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                28      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead               108666333     61.83%     86.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite               23773842     13.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                 175737354                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      47                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            19548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs          175502936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            19548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          8978.050747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses        350942092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses       350942092                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst    175441724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      175441724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst    175441724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total       175441724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst    175441724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total      175441724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        19548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        19548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        19548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         19548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        19548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        19548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1735046312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1735046312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1735046312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1735046312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1735046312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1735046312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst    175461272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    175461272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst    175461272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total    175461272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst    175461272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total    175461272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 88758.252097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88758.252097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 88758.252097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88758.252097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 88758.252097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88758.252097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        19548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        19548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        19548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1685767688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1685767688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1685767688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1685767688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   1685767688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1685767688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 86237.348476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86237.348476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 86237.348476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86237.348476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 86237.348476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86237.348476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry              5549                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements         23770440                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.490842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs          138975350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23770440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.846562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   254.490842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.994105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        288627689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses       288627689                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data     84881278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       84881278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data     23761683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23761683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1750                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data    108642961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total       108642961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data    108644711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total      108644711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data     23770565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23770565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         5166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          453                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          453                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          475                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          475                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data     23775731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total      23775731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data     23776184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total     23776184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2744159570586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2744159570586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    590082792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    590082792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     66176405                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     66176405                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1681498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1681498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        50500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        50500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2744749653378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2744749653378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2744749653378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2744749653378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    108651843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    108651843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data     23766849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23766849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2203                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2203                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2458                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2458                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data    132418692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total    132418692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data    132420895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total    132420895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.218777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.205629                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.205629                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.190000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.190000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.040277                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040277                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.179550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.179550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115443.598862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115443.598862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 114224.311266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114224.311266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 139318.747368                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139318.747368                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16984.828283                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16984.828283                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115443.333935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115443.333935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115441.134430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115441.134430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             9522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data          452                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     23770565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23770565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          453                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     23775731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23775731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     23776184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23776184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2692585889110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2692585889110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    579696902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    579696902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     65115592                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65115592                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       949003                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       949003                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1498502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1498502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        40500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2693165586012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2693165586012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2693230701604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2693230701604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     39915576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     39915576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     86614000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     86614000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    126529576                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    126529576                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.218777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.205629                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205629                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.009200                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009200                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.039056                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039056                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.179550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.179550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113273.954116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113273.954116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 112213.879597                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112213.879597                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 143743.028698                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143743.028698                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        41261                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41261                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15609.395833                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15609.395833                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113273.723782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113273.723782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113274.304304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113274.304304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry            641537                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                   106913982                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                  20285009                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                   23728037                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                      776                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses               127198991                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses               23728813                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                        130642019                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                       20285785                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                    150927804                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                   172904335                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses               172904339                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                        172904335                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                    172904339                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                      7893986263                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                  172893955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                    173169881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses            152258625                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      76802                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts     20912440                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                   152258625                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads          327697894                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes         107655413                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads           840327928                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           62871976                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                    130658599                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                  106923091                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                  23735508                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              461155963.566662                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              7432830299.433338                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.941581                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.058419                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                         20997387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 42523200     24.55%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   10095      0.01%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                52      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead               106923091     61.74%     86.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite               23735508     13.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                 173191946                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements            20860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs          172891457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs            20860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          8288.181064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses        345829530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses       345829530                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst    172883475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      172883475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst    172883475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total       172883475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst    172883475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total      172883475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst        20860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        20860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst        20860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total         20860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst        20860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total        20860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1934346422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1934346422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1934346422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1934346422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1934346422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1934346422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst    172904335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    172904335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst    172904335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total    172904335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst    172904335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total    172904335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 92729.933941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92729.933941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 92729.933941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92729.933941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 92729.933941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92729.933941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        20860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        20860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        20860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1883256578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1883256578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1883256578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1883256578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst   1883256578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1883256578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 90280.756376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90280.756376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 90280.756376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90280.756376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 90280.756376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90280.756376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry              5328                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements         23293560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.808253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs          107338815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23293560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.608090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   253.808253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.991438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        284578807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses       284578807                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data     83614622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       83614622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data     23719791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23719791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         1876                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1876                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2202                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2202                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2543                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2543                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data    107334413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total       107334413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data    107336289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total      107336289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data     23293144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23293144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         5163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          474                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          474                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          512                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          512                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data     23298307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total      23298307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data     23298781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total     23298781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2684650062707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2684650062707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    622666813                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    622666813                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     64611926                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     64611926                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3146500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3146500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2685272729520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2685272729520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2685272729520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2685272729520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data    106907766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    106907766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data     23724954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23724954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2350                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2350                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2675                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2675                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data    130632720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total    130632720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data    130635070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total    130635070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.217881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.217881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000218                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.201702                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.201702                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.188651                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.188651                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049346                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.049346                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.178350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.178350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 115254.946379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115254.946379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 120601.745690                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120601.745690                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 126195.167969                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126195.167969                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 23837.121212                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23837.121212                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 115256.131251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115256.131251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 115253.786433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115253.786433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             9938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data          472                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          472                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     23293144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23293144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         5163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          474                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          474                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          130                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     23298307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23298307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data     23298781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23298781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2633453304815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2633453304815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    612252993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    612252993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     63121566                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63121566                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1494008                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1494008                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2888500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2888500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2634065557808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2634065557808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 2634128679374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2634128679374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     40113719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     40113719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     86385501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     86385501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data    126499220                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    126499220                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.217881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.201702                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201702                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014738                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014738                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.048598                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048598                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.178350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.178350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 113057.013893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113057.013893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 118584.736200                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118584.736200                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 133167.860759                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133167.860759                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 37350.200000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37350.200000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 22219.230769                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22219.230769                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 113058.238859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113058.238859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 113058.647977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113058.647977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry            652491                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                   106811516                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                  20506694                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                   22708879                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                      790                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     7                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses               127318210                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses               22709669                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                        129520395                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                       20507484                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                    150027879                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                   172203107                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses               172203111                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                        172203107                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                    172203111                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                      8102407016                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                  172192724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                    172467835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses            151335518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   209                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      76542                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts     21133370                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                   151335518                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          209                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads          324854373                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes         107527225                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                 145                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads           837913025                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           63535796                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                    129536739                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                  106820497                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                  22716242                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              375323132.154981                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              7727083883.845018                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.953678                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.046322                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                         21218185                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 42942728     24.90%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   10115      0.01%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                39      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead               106820497     61.93%     86.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite               22716242     13.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                 172489622                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      62                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements            20601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs          172154742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs            20601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          8356.620649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses        344426815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses       344426815                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst    172182506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      172182506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst    172182506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total       172182506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst    172182506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total      172182506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst        20601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        20601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst        20601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total         20601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst        20601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total        20601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1883780463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1883780463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1883780463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1883780463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1883780463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1883780463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst    172203107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    172203107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst    172203107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total    172203107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst    172203107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total    172203107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 91441.214650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91441.214650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 91441.214650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91441.214650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 91441.214650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91441.214650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        20601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        20601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        20601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1833514537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833514537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1833514537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833514537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst   1833514537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833514537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 89001.239600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89001.239600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 89001.239600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89001.239600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 89001.239600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89001.239600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry              5213                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements         23549916                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.910138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs          105970492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23549916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.499825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   254.910138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.995743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        282590034                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses       282590034                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data     83256614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       83256614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data     22702510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22702510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1823                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1823                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2128                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2128                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2469                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2469                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data    105959124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total       105959124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data    105960947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total      105960947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data     23548909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23548909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         3376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          453                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          453                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          481                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          481                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data     23552285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total      23552285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data     23552738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total     23552738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2722368291554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2722368291554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    564553134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    564553134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     62504400                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     62504400                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2275998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2275998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         5000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2722932844688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2722932844688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2722932844688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2722932844688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data    106805523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    106805523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data     22705886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22705886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2276                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2276                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2583                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2583                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data    129511409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total    129511409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data    129513685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total    129513685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.220484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.199033                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.199033                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.184362                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.184362                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.044135                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044135                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.181855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.181855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 115604.858448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115604.858448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 167225.454384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167225.454384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 129946.777547                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129946.777547                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19964.894737                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19964.894737                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 115612.257778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115612.257778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 115610.034158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115610.034158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total            10266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data          451                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          451                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     23548909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23548909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         3376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          453                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     23552285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23552285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data     23552738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23552738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2671035890906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2671035890906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    557751238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557751238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     60794098                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60794098                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1580502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1580502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2050002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2050002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         3000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         3000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2671593642144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2671593642144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 2671654436242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2671654436242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     37489768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     37489768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     87179500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     87179500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data    124669268                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124669268                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.220484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.199033                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199033                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.011499                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011499                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.043748                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043748                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.181855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.181855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113425.037691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113425.037691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 165210.674763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165210.674763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 134203.306843                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134203.306843                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 52683.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52683.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18141.610619                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18141.610619                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113432.460678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113432.460678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113432.860173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113432.860173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry            657894                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -240997349779.200043
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       313738110000.000061
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -162577577232.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       211648725000.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -1574640045888.000244
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       2049005684044.800293
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -993701053.440000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       1235844864.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -31792191259975.695312
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       36258891017871.312500
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -10911429356947.199219
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       12715752601814.394531
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -101154403875648.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       115128284582880.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       4.0512
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       63608673863.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       2955566162.499180
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       1222134923.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       657.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       169988522.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       860659468.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       186807381.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       1389226423.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       2626826084.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       866370737.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       593.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       610458.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       1222134923.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       657.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       1389307008.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       8.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       1389307000.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       171836.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       860533228.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       186729271.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       1211654811.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       164316331.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       188683129.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       40043.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       874265115
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       118805216.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       79181.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       120272422.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       830079168.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       483970.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       118787629.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
