timestamp8.sim_seconds                                  3.300062                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp8.sim_ticks                                3300061819500                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp8.final_tick                               27318491272500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp8.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp8.host_inst_rate                                4153188                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp8.host_op_rate                                  4427597                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp8.host_tick_rate                              394420566                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp8.host_mem_usage                                1555104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp8.host_seconds                                  8366.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp8.sim_insts                                 34749147591                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp8.sim_ops                                   37045089012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp8.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3228337620000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF  71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::4 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::5 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::6 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::7 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::4 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::5 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::6 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::7 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::4 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::5 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::6 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::7 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::4   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::5   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::6   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::7   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3228337620000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF  71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::4 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::5 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::6 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::7 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::4 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::5 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::6 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::7 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::4 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::5 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::6 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::7 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::4   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::5   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::6   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::7   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                   78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst           78                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total              78                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks            465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total                 465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks            465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total                 543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           14                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                3                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               6                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3296410578000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   199.111111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.217003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.764357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1     11.11%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287            5     55.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     8.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8                2    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     38.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 470915796857.14                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   83.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3228331187800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF    71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        6432200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           938044.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           962236.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           965865.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                 907200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::4           950745.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::5           766886.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::6           777772.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::7           795916.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 632808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 649128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 651576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 612000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::4                 641376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::5                 517344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::6                 524688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::7                 536928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          3607219.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          3736012.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          3866803.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          3606220.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::4          3659635.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::5          2951769.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::6          2980723.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::7               3067584                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         1650170.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         1668833.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         1602478.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         1500042.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::4         1675468.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::5         1343692.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::6         1347010.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::7              1389312                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::4       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::5       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::6       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::7       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       30195404297.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       30195314720.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       30194407572.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       30195855627.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::4       30197413560.960003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::5       30192423589.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::6       30193685815.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::7       30192438473.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       1436816128608.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       1436816207184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       1436817002928.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       1436815732704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::4       1436814366096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::5       1436818743264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::6       1436817636048.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::7       1436818730208.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         1570943159224.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         1570943336191.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         1570943295299.520264                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         1570943011871.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::4         1570943504958.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::5         1570941544622.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::6         1570941750134.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::7         1570941756498.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           64.413569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           64.413576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           64.413574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           64.413563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::4           64.413583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::5           64.413503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::6           64.413511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::7           64.413511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                  543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks            621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total                 621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks            621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total                1164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          335                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 3296439447000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.578947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.505395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.514858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.79%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.79%     31.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     68.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     21.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    18.315428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.220202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1507200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                2456400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    26914.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               43864.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     38.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 219762629800.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   90.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3228333168950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF    71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        4451050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           922924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           997315.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           914457.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           861235.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::4           904780.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::5           851558.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::6           769910.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::7           984009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 622608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                 672792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 616896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                 580992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::4                 610368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::5                 574464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::6                 519384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::7                 663816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          3555801.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          3878284.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               3709056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               3339648                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::4          3463449.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::5          3272755.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::6          3007180.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::7          3706060.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         1632337.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         1758412.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         1496724.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         1446543.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::4         1579253.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::5         1489674.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::6         1340375.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::7         1751777.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::4       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::5       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::6       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::7       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       30194793129.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1        30195889992                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       30192767723.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       30194478599.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::4       30197327650.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::5       30193101406.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::6       30189852843.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::7       30199560226.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       1436816664720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       1436815702560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       1436818441392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       1436816940624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::4       1436814441456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::5       1436818148688.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::6       1436820998304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::7       1436812483056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         1570942989598.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         1570943697432.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         1570942744325.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         1570942445717.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::4         1570943125034.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::5         1570942236622.080322                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::6         1570941286074.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::7         1570943947022.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           64.413562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           64.413591                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           64.413552                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           64.413540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::4           64.413567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::5           64.413531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::6           64.413492                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::7           64.413601                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    297699356                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total    297699356                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         1756                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         1756                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     74424839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total     74424839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     90210236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       90210236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total           532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     90210768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      90210768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs             74424839                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 439                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts           74424839                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               439                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM      2381330240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ           264608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            11776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys        297699356                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          1756                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ            8269                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts             65                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0      4666146                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1      4630651                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2      4638331                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3      4643699                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4      4622508                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5      4664002                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6      4677956                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7      4651810                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8      4653654                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9      4651669                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10      4669349                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11      4666846                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12      4611956                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13      4662392                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14      4642399                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15      4663202                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           25                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           22                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           18                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           22                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           30                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           26                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           23                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           23                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           28                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           28                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           22                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap           3300062827500                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2       74424839                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           439                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0         74416570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     37683636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    63.193000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    62.874665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     5.240727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-47       978649      2.60%      2.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-79     36690530     97.36%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-111          605      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-143        13849      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-207            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     37683636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 3124215.869565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 2971237.230639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 1004141.000178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            1      4.35%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            2      8.70%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.09715e+06            1      4.35%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.22822e+06            2      8.70%     26.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.62144e+06            1      4.35%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.75251e+06-2.88358e+06            3     13.04%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.88358e+06-3.01466e+06            2      8.70%     52.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.14573e+06-3.2768e+06            3     13.04%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.40787e+06-3.53894e+06            2      8.70%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.67002e+06-3.80109e+06            1      4.35%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.93216e+06-4.06323e+06            1      4.35%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.1943e+06-4.32538e+06            1      4.35%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.58752e+06-4.71859e+06            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.98074e+06-5.11181e+06            2      8.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           23    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat          938604442100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat     2199965303600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat        238133024000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              12612.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         29562.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                721.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              90.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  7.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              7.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits          36733258                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               44                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          49.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         11.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap               44340.62                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             49.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3837748150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF  71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT 3224499871850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     20384760412.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     20414727043.200001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     20347373491.200001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3      20506747968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::4      20464829280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::5     20526390057.599998                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::6     20355772348.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::7     20453991868.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0      13751624088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1      13771839672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2      13726402752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3      13833917280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::4      13805638800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::5     13847167896.000002                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::6      13732068648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::7      13798327848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0     33145859136                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    33238883558.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2     33101460288                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3     33370424256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::4    33296828198.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::5    33414128716.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::6    33111141772.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::7    33400003852.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   38930181.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   38901980.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   38984094.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   38870876.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4   38873364.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5       38931840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6   38931425.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7   38922301.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 1371527772845.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 1376463551976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 1364962582978.560059                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 1373064612664.319824                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4 1372272052726.080078                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5 1376696011017.599854                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6 1376849729128.319824                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7 1382030577360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 260208788592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 255879157776.000031                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 265967727072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 258860683488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4 259555911504.000031                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5 255675246336.000031                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6 255540405888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7 250995802176.000031                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   1802982533331.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   1803731860081.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   1802069328752.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   1803600054608.639893                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4   1803358931949.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5   1804122673940.159912                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6   1803552847287.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7   1804642423483.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     73.927907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     73.958632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     73.890463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     73.953227                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::4     73.943340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::5     73.974656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::6     73.951292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::7     73.995968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                  233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks            931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total                 931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks            931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total                1164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        12                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          435                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               23                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3296416111000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.105263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.659691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    91.168888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     21.05%     21.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     21.05%     42.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     57.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean             6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.659417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 219761074066.67                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   84.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3228329970900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF    71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        7649100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           1060819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           948931.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           1062028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           919900.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::4           1022716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::5           814060.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::6                 922320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::7           1021507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                 715632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 640152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                 716448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                 620568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::4                 689928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::5                 549168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::6                 622200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::7                 689112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          4060492.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1               3696576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          4271155.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3               3624192                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::4          3910233.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::5          3064089.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::6          3477427.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::7          3884774.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         1914347.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         1648926.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         1791590.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         1556029.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4         1771683.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5         1423319.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6         1652659.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7         1784954.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       30195721126.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       30196017817.920002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       30196159871.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       30192541894.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4       30200010681.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5       30195271546.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6       30196920041.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7       30198474472.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       1436815850688.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       1436815590432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       1436815465824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       1436818639488.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4       1436812087920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5       1436816245056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6       1436814799008.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7       1436813435472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         1570944121181.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         1570943340912                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         1570944264993.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         1570942700148.480225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4         1570944291240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5         1570942165316.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6         1570943191731.840332                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7         1570944088368.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           64.413608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           64.413576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           64.413614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           64.413550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::4           64.413615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::5           64.413528                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::6           64.413570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::7           64.413607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3228337620000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF  71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::4 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::5 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::6 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::7 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::4 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::5 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::6 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::7 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::4 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::5 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::6 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::7 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::4   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::5   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::6   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::7   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3228337620000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF  71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::4 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::5 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::6 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::7 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::4 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::5 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::6 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::7 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::4 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::5 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::6 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::7 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::4   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::5   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::6   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::7   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                  155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks            465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total                 465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks            465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total                 621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          443                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3300062786000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.005797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     38.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 412507848250.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3228333149700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF    71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        4470300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           902966.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           998524.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                 919296                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           942883.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::4           965865.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::5                 768096                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::6           842486.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::7                 892080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 609144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 673608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                 620160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 636072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::4                 651576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::5                 518160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::6                 568344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::7                 601800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               3394560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          3969638.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          3573273.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          3737011.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::4          3660134.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::5          2903846.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::6          3251289.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::7               3419520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         1662197.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         1675468.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         1592524.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         1572618.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::4         1725649.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::5         1350328.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::6         1469767.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::7         1565982.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::4       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::5       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::6       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::7       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       30193922972.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       30196729889.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       30194419884.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       30196021101.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::4        30196237464                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::5       30191780082.240002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::6       30194116188.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::7       30194030934.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       1436817428016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       1436814965808.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       1436816992128.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       1436815587552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::4       1436815397760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::5       1436819307744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::6       1436817258528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::7       1436817333312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         1570942717932.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         1570943811013.440186                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         1570942915343.040283                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         1570943295313.920166                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::4         1570943436526.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::5         1570941426333.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::6         1570942304680.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::7         1570942641705.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           64.413551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           64.413596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           64.413559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           64.413574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::4           64.413580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::5           64.413498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::6           64.413534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::7           64.413548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3228337620000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF  71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::4 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::5 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::6 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::7 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::4 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::5 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::6 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::7 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::4 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::5 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::6 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::7 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::4   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::5   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::6   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::7   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3228337620000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF  71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::4 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::5 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::6 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::7 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::4 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::5 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::6 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::7 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::4 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::5 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::6 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::7 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::4   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::5   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::6   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::7   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                  388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks            543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total                 543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks            543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total                 931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         7                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           26                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                9                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 3296425886000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.823529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.235650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    86.206319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     17.65%     17.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     17.65%     35.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     64.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    19.281138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.716402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     1108000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                1786000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    27700.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               44650.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     27.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate              107.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 274702157166.67                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   98.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3228333103450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF    71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        4516550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           862444.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1071100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           867283.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           909619.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::4           863049.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::5           835833.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::6           866073.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::7           974332.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 581808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                 722568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                 585072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 613632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::4                 582216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::5                 563856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::6                 584256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::7                 657288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          3322675.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               4125888                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          3472435.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          3613708.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::4          3350630.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::5          3195878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::6          3288729.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::7               3656640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         1556029.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         1887805.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         1456496.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         1519534.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::4         1543173.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::5         1479720.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::6         1512898.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::7         1675468.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::4       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::5       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::6       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::7       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       30192860747.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       30199025831.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       30192335982.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       30193340477.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::4       30192634863.360004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::5       30194035038.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::6       30194589407.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::7       30201007132.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       1436818359792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       1436812951824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       1436818820112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       1436817938976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::4       1436818557936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::5       1436817329712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::6       1436816843424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::7       1436811213840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         1570942341573.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         1570944583093.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         1570942335457.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         1570942734024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::4         1570942329944.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::5         1570942238115.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::6         1570942482864.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::7         1570943982778.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           64.413535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           64.413627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           64.413535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           64.413551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::4           64.413535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::5           64.413531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::6           64.413541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::7           64.413603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                  465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst           78                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst           78                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total             233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks            621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total                 621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks            621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total                1086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          6                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          572                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3300056587000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    84.307560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24               2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     1221600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                2035200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    25450.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42400.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     36.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 235718327642.86                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   91.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3228331374550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF    71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        6245450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           925948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           959817.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           912643.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           972518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::4                 991872                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::5           827971.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::6           837043.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::7           850348.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 624648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                 647496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 615672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3           656064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::4                 669120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::5                 558552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::6                 564672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::7                 573648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          3575270.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               3756480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          3499891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          3968140.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::4          3779942.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::5          3171916.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::6          3231321.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::7          3155942.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         1692472.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         1688739.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         1589207.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         1569300.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::4         1735188.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::5         1459814.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::6         1449861.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::7         1502945.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::4       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::5       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::6       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::7       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       30193918430.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       30193267426.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       30197696627.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       30195371903.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::4       30198841971.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::5       30193707813.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::6       30193778620.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::7       30195712753.920002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       1436817432000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       1436818003056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       1436814117792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       1436816157024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::4       1436813113104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::5       1436817616752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::6       1436817554640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::7       1436815858032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         1570942966846.079834                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         1570943121092.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         1570943229909.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         1570943493026.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::4         1570943929274.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::5         1570942140895.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::6         1570942214234.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::7         1570942451746.559814                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           64.413561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           64.413567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           64.413572                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           64.413583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::4           64.413600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::5           64.413527                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::6           64.413530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::7           64.413540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                  233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks            465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total                 465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks            465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total                 698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          748                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 3293628115000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.454545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.197649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.639002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     18.18%     18.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     18.18%     36.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     63.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.970563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                      785600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                1192400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    32733.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               49683.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     27.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 365958679444.44                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   84.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3228334319700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF    71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        3300300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           890265.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1010620.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           878774.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           980380.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::4           860630.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::5           893289.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::6                 798336                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::7           944092.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                 600576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                 681768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 592824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                 661368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::4                 580584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::5                 602616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::6                 538560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::7                 636888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          3355123.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          3822873.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               3466944                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          3893260.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::4          3284236.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::5          3363609.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::6               3112512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::7          3657638.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         1642291.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         1788272.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         1499627.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         1636070.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::4         1526169.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::5         1585889.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::6         1386823.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::7         1615749.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::4       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::5       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::6       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::7       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       30193924832.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       30197498103.360004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       30194274438.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       30196902257.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::4       30193109066.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::5       30196276534.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::6       30192700199.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::7       30196976731.200001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       1436817426384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       1436814291936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       1436817119712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       1436814814608.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::4       1436818141968.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::5       1436815363488.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::6       1436818500624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::7       1436814749280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         1570942637548.799805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         1570943891650.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         1570942630396.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         1570943686021.440186                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::4         1570942300731.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::5         1570942883502.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::6         1570941835130.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::7         1570943378455.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           64.413547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           64.413599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           64.413547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           64.413590                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::4           64.413534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::5           64.413558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::6           64.413515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::7           64.413578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3228337620000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF  71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::4 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::5 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::6 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::7 103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::4 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::5 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::6 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::7 30170551403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::4 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::5 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::6 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::7 1436837929392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::4   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::5   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::6   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::7   1570933278871.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2103214012                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    601218958                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data     76462362                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data     76590910                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data     76492838                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data     76584344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data     76492278                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data     76444836                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data     76584382                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data     76675718                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total   3316760638                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2103214012                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total   2103214012                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    300366136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         4201                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total    300399737                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    525803503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    150309761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data     38231181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data     38295455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data     38246419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data     38292172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data     38246139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data     38222418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data     38292191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data     38337859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total    982277098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     75101586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total     75114187                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    637325640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    182184150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23169979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23208932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     23179214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     23206942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     23179044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     23164668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     23206954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     23234631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1005060153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    637325640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    637325640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     91018336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data         1273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data         1273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data         1273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data         1273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data         1273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data         1273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data         1273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data         1273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total     91028518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    637325640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    273202486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23171251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23210205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     23180486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     23208215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     23180317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     23165941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     23208226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     23235904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1096088671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                   78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks            465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total                 465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks            465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total                 543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          642                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9               15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 3296436007000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   199.111111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.554733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    95.703245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     22.22%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     22.22%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287            5     55.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     38.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 470919429571.43                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   83.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3228334077200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF    71723880000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        3542800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           919900.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           985219.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           980380.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                 879984                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::4           879379.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::5           801964.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::6           747532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::7           970099.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 620568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                 664632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                 661368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 593640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::4                 593232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::5                 541008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::6           504288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::7                 654432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          3498393.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               3863808                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          3916723.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               3539328                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::4               3304704                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::5          3051110.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::6               2895360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::7          3715046.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         1648926.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         1728552.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         1619481.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         1466449.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::4         1592524.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::5         1400094.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::6         1300561.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::7              1658880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::4       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::5       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::6       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::7       103924798076.160004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       30196820177.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       30195520741.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       30195111983.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       30192506982.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::4       30194315916.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::5       30193618236.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::6       30189436971.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::7       30198542762.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       1436814886608.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       1436816026464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       1436816385024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       1436818670112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::4       1436817083328.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::5       1436817695328.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::6       1436821363104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::7       1436813375568.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         1570943192650.560303                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         1570943587493.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         1570943473036.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         1570942454572.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::4         1570942567160.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::5         1570941905818.560303                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::6         1570941045894.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::7         1570943714864.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           64.413570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           64.413586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           64.413582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           64.413540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::4           64.413545                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::5           64.413517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::6           64.413482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::7           64.413592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           306169872                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          306169872                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              15255                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             15255                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                59                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             7046                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1024                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3215                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               795                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    612365053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    612382405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_count::total              612382405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        34704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    612383541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    612418245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.pkt_size::total               612418245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 153084936000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 306170120000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     15255000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7627500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       973500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3524996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       512499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1607500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       438411                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       198000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     13988340                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     27445647                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1606                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         2030                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           40                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           32                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        19497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       296459                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        15500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.failedReq                      13990006                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.failedResp                     27447709                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                 306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.membus.pimReqFail                     13989208                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 19497                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.membus.pimRespFail                    27447193                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               108000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               26497                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             315959                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.membus.snoops                             5638                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              8940                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    8940    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                8940                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                8676                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy        153097113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           306179737                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       306179553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              9.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          306188354                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          306163850                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         306163850                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq             12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp            12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               59                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2568                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           647                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3215                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               12                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              12                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    153088182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total    153089854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    153088193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total    153089857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    153088233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total    153089853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    153088262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total    153089851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             612359415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    153090306                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total    153095170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    153090294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total    153094902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    153090351                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total    153096751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    153090318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total    153096718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total              612383541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 334002374586                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 756169579400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     25883300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     18313000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       554600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3578800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       898200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      4533785                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        16800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       116950                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     27778694                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1606                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           41                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           19                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3510459098                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        12500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       178900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        26400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        15600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.failedReq                     27780360                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.failedResp                          11                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                    27780300                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime           3510637998                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess               306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                         11                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime               12500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime         3510679998                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             12500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             724800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                450                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             679400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                451                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             875200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                586                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              77400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            1107800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                757                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             109200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             546400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                350                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             950600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                649                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy       334028235486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization             10.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded          306176435                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      189050033826                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          76544920                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      189050466430                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          76544923                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      189046698157                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          76544918                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      189045344722                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          76544917                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp8.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp8.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp8.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    306163850                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    306163850                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq        12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp        12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           59                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2568                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          647                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3215                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           12                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    153089854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    153089857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    153089853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    153089851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    612359415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    153095170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    153094902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    153096751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    153096718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    612383541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 244931080000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 275547514600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11340900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     10080800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       236000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2054400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       517600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2572000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         9600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        48000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           82                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        66659                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.failedResp                    89                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess          306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess         306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                   82                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime         66659                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime        72259                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  61236311200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     76544934                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  61236307900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     76544934                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  61236303400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     76544935                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  61236316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     76544934                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 275560215400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          8.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    306179678                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          306350879                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         306350801                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate           78                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             15255                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            15255                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             4218                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            7150                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1089                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           8239                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6650                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6650                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        48350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76477749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        37012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76602986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        35144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76505600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        35212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76598784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        35334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76506958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        35678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76458581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        35006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76596791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        36542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76688498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             612734335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6188800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     77091006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4737536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76906914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4498432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76875394                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4507136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     77215488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4522752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     77135214                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4566784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76925508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4480768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     76959794                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4677376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     77285887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              654575009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 153175680460                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 311373546386                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     15255000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7628995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    137087988                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3596952                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       558472                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1713440                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      3575945                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     15839969                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     13310221                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3194                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1569                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          164                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          299                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          102                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          361                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   6873023965                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     48927381                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5763500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2696997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3951997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1958998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        68000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2680968                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        88500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.failedReq                     13312780                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.failedResp                        3205                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                    13297903                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime           6694728492                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess               306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         6890076425                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          49083881                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoops                           31931                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           200131                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                200131    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             200131                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       153335782317                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          306385242                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         785929443                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             24175                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       38348298315                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          38239811                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         601616051                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             18506                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       38437517264                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          38303479                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy        571266494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            17572                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      38408347784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded         38254835                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        572356556                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            17606                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      38479707703                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded         38301287                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy        574355007                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded            17667                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy      38441404726                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded         38255431                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy        579947493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded            17839                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy      38404046766                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded         38231398                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy        568999603                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded            17503                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy      38438841202                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded         38300176                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            16000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy        593947651                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded            18271                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy      38474716236                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded         38345413                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             6499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy            19499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded               19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access             525803503                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access             299836624                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access          74425278                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles              6600123638                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts          376329708                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps            376368970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses    338549554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls              23506                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     37803073                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts           338549554                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads    750790854                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes    225640581                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads   1803310707                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes    115372412                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs            299836625                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts          224734600                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts          75102025                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles        6600123638                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                 37842922                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         76532345     20.33%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead       224734600     59.71%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       75102025     19.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total         376368970                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples     74424839                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4     74424839    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total     74424839                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          439                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          439    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          439                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 90210558.021848                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean 90096137.621366                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 2857517.735345                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           67      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           93      0.03%      0.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          103      0.03%      0.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           93      0.03%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          103      0.03%      0.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07           92      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07           87      0.03%      0.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07          112      0.03%      0.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07          109      0.03%      0.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07           82      0.02%      0.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07       329044     99.71%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08           20      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 90210236.135851      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes         297699356                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean   532.113150                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 21891.235553                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-65535       329804     99.94%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::65536-131071            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::131072-196607            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::196608-262143            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-327679            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::327680-393215            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::393216-458751            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::458752-524287            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-589823            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::589824-655359            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::655360-720895            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::720896-786431            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-851967          164      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06           37      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth   532.111244      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           1756                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples     74424839                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 37152.264488                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 34530.733476                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 15889.192188                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383         8269      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767     36733252     49.36%     49.37% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151     11919451     16.02%     65.38% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535     24917361     33.48%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           33      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           16      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           28      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071       468743      0.63%     99.49% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455       377685      0.51%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total     74424839                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          439                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          439    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          439                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples     74424839                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   44340.879629                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  31361.587183                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000         7046      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         1053      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000     36714841     49.33%     49.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            1      0.00%     49.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        14278      0.02%     49.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000           19      0.00%     49.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000     11608211     15.60%     64.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       310671      0.42%     65.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           64      0.00%     65.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000     24917180     33.48%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          183      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          483      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          195      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          123      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            7      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            7      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000          477      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows       850000      1.14%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value         7500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value      9740000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total      74424839                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          439                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 7486484083.143508                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 14505912869.815695                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000           74     16.86%     16.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%     16.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          153     34.85%     51.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           11      2.51%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          201     45.79%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value         7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 116340032500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          439                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples      74425278                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     44340.618083                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    31360.108351                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000         7120      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          138      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000         1232      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000           11      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000     36715031     49.33%     49.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            1      0.00%     49.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        14278      0.02%     49.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000           19      0.00%     49.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000     11608211     15.60%     64.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       310671      0.42%     65.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           65      0.00%     65.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000     24917018     33.48%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          183      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          491      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          195      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          154      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            7      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            7      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000          477      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows       849969      1.14%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value      9740000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total        74425278                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.837899                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.368544                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        53494     16.21%     16.21% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1       276511     83.79%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   225.526395                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean   225.240227                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev     7.146409                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15           39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           81      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47           65      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63           82      0.02%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79           72      0.02%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95           83      0.03%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111           61      0.02%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127           81      0.02%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143           69      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159           79      0.02%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           74      0.02%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191           83      0.03%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207           67      0.02%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223        11215      3.40%      3.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239       317854     96.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.001330                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.054728                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0         329804     99.94%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2            164      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             37      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq   1056701937                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp   1056701936                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     75114626                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     75114626                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    148850556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    450822694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total    599673250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   1051607005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   1051607005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    612352870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    612352870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total    2263633125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    297701112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    901585094                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total   1199286206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   2103214008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   2103214008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    612361269                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    612361269                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total     3914861483                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 528350968500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1171845397400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  75114626000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp  45483630000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq    384491529                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp    393928127                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq     39114583                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp     35481534                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  66756160000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 184216238400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    942888000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7096329800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq            423606112                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp           429409661                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess        306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail            23944517                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime  13374489000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess       306176435                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail           25746523                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime   5503447200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime  67699048000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime 191312568200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy  37212858500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded     74425278                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy 566252736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         17.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded   1057391285                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy 300185662900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization          9.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded    299836625                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 557344283800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         16.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    525803502                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy 359799080700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization         10.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded    306176435                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0          330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0         330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0          330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0         330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0          330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0         330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0          330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0         330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0          330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0         330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0          330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0         330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       330005    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0          330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0         330005    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total       330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.replacements                        74                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7963.625361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.total_refs                      217989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                        74                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   2945.797297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5473.862474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data           83                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   172.985679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    88.998778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   154.001959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data           56                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data           25                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data           18                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           50                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    35.006057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    42.009837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   528.996975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  1038.763603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.668196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.019897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.010132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.021116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.010864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.018799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.006836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.002075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.003052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.006104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.004273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.005128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.064575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.126802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.972122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001343                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974243                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1346829                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1346829                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1563                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        18504                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          822                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst        17571                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1103                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1615                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1458                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          951                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        18270                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1600                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  160095                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             4218                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp8.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  4218                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  148                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   431                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         24175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          1649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         18504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst         17571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          1128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst         17606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          1651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst         17667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          1881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst         17839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          1496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst         17503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          1014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         18270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data          1645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_hits::total                   160526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         1649                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        18504                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          872                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst        17571                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         1128                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         1651                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data         1881                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         1496                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data         1014                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        18270                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         1645                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_hits::total                  160526                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    16                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          174                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          167                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          164                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          260                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          213                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               2524                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              647                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_misses::total                     72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           17                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_misses::total                    72                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       997500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         1992500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     22450000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       195000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       521000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       913500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       456000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       913500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       195500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       782500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     26427000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       783500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       260000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       783500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       391500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2283500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       848000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       391500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       397000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1156500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       313500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1177000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4414500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       248500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       391500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1405500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1311000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1425500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          6407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       248500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       391500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1405500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1311000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1425500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         6407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        18506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        17572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        18271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              160111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         4218                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              4218                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1275                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          145                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          186                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          183                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          279                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          225                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             2672                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          382                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            712                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        18506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        17572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        18271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_accesses::total               160598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        18506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        17572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data         1025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        18271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_accesses::total              160598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.001370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.008342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.001248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994510                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.841379                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.881356                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.935484                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.826733                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.896175                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.931900                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.946667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.944611                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994764                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.659091                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.795455                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.682927                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.967213                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.826087                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.826087                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.908708                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.131313                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.019608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032967                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.283019                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.045455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.237288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.114990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.001592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.011236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.010732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.000448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.001592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.011236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.010732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.000448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 124687.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124531.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17705.047319                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  1598.360656                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  3339.743590                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         5250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  2730.538922                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  5570.121951                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   751.923077                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  3673.708920                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10470.285261                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2061.842105                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         1625                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7428.571429                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13279.661017                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10302.631579                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3529.366306                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 65230.769231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 132333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        77100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       104500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84071.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78830.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 65230.769231                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       124250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 132333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 82676.470588                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 119181.818182                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 89093.750000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88986.111111                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 65230.769231                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       124250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 132333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 82676.470588                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 119181.818182                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 89093.750000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88986.111111                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   59                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.l2.writebacks::total                        59                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1268                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          156                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          174                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          167                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          164                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          260                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          213                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          2524                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       909500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1816500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     68800475                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6618498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8467498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9444995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      9068498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8904498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     14103995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     11553500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136961957                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     20702473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1572000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2170000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1900000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1519000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3204000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2061000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2065000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35193473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       705000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       325500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       364000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       991500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       280500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1023000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3798500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       325500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1218500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1190000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1249500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       325500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1218500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1190000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1249500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1148321131488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1150221971484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1149036324486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1150255050485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1148879798986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1148253583493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data 1150525926484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data 1151411037978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 9196904824884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     54159500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     54128000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     54123000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     54094500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     54098000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     54193000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     54080500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     54166000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    433042500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1148375290988                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1150276099484                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1149090447486                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1150309144985                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1148933896986                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1148307776493                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data 1150580006984                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data 1151465203978                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 9197337867384                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.001370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.008342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.001248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994510                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.841379                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.881356                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.826733                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.896175                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.931900                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.946667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944611                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994764                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.659091                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.795455                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.682927                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.967213                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.826087                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.826087                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.908708                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.131313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.019608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.283019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.045455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.237288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.011236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.010732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.000448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.011236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.010732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 113687.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113531.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54259.049685                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54249.983607                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54278.833333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54281.580460                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54302.383234                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54295.719512                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54246.134615                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54241.784038                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54263.849842                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54480.192105                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54206.896552                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54285.714286                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54305.084746                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54236.842105                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54342.105263                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54394.857805                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54230.769231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 121333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        66100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        93500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73071.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67830.357143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54230.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 121333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 71676.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 108181.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 78093.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77986.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54230.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 121333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 71676.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 108181.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 78093.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77986.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                   13990006                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     76540904                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000017                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.064919                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       76540899    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      76540904                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3206                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.771678                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.570095                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    16.733283                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3192     99.56%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           14      0.44%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3206                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     46388095.937940                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1848302.654383                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            8      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          362      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           38      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           58      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          116      0.04%      0.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          455      0.14%      0.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           68      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07           67      0.02%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          133      0.04%      0.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          214      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          911      0.28%      0.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07       327574     99.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        46387942.521390      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                 153083078                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3582.369964                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   176565.210043                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       329993    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth        3664.173783      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  12092                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        76540904                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11446.944396                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11445.673854                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        175.114625                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     76540892    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          76540904                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples           3192                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11508.928571                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11506.898136                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       219.965195                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3107     97.34%     97.34% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           85      2.66%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total             3192                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            76540904                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           43114.744804                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          23568.497845                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                24236      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000           983844      1.29%      1.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000         4047156      5.29%      6.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000         5635397      7.36%     13.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000         6641464      8.68%     22.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000         6401505      8.36%     31.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000         6272816      8.20%     39.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000         5617256      7.34%     46.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000         5201300      6.80%     53.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000         5609353      7.33%     60.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000         6278140      8.20%     68.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000         6395102      8.36%     77.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6645555      8.68%     85.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000         5639785      7.37%     93.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000         4057820      5.30%     98.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000          997764      1.30%     99.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000           29569      0.04%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000           49428      0.06%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000             106      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000             72      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             13236      0.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          48561000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              76540904                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              3206                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         1028248319.713038                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1484559599.010471                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             1      0.03%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           786     24.52%     24.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            55      1.72%     26.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          450     14.04%     40.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1912     59.64%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           14000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value     11831802000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                3206                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              76544110                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             43112.938971                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            23335.740111                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                  24236      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000             983909      1.29%      1.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000           4047386      5.29%      6.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000           5635792      7.36%     13.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000           6641937      8.68%     22.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000           6402096      8.36%     31.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000           6273397      8.20%     39.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000           5617831      7.34%     46.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000           5201865      6.80%     53.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000           5609924      7.33%     60.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000           6278723      8.20%     68.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000           6395693      8.36%     77.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6646032      8.68%     85.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000           5640180      7.37%     93.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000           4058053      5.30%     98.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000            997825      1.30%     99.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000             29546      0.04%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000             46267      0.06%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000               106      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000               73      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               13239      0.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            38341000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                76544110                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.279214                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.451220                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           238250     72.20%     72.20% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1            91368     27.69%     99.88% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2              387      0.12%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000015                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.003892                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          330000    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               5      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           231.938555                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            9.253052                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-15                    9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-31                 361      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-47                   2      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-63                  40      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-79                  29      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-95                 118      0.04%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-111                 47      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-127               440      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-143                50      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-159                54      0.02%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::160-175               111      0.03%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::176-191                53      0.02%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::192-207               202      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::208-223                77      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::224-239            328412     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.009694                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.141142                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 328119     99.43%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                    957      0.29%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    550      0.17%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    375      0.11%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     76540879                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000020                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.071115                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       76540873    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      76540879                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3235                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.591963                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.550624                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    15.432313                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3223     99.63%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           12      0.37%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3235                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     46388157.149134                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1847269.521992                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            7      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          362      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           40      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           55      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          116      0.04%      0.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          455      0.14%      0.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           71      0.02%      0.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07           66      0.02%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          133      0.04%      0.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          214      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          956      0.29%      0.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07       327528     99.25%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        46388004.338414      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                 153083282                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3515.704308                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   182118.080342                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       329995    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth        3521.146159      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  11620                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        76540879                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11446.993196                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11445.718388                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        175.713682                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     76540860    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          76540879                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples           3224                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11504.528536                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11502.422965                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       224.675367                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3131     97.12%     97.12% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           90      2.79%     99.91% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            3      0.09%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total             3224                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            76540879                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           43114.830821                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          23393.551620                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                23357      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000          1035112      1.35%      1.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000         4197912      5.48%      6.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000         5803474      7.58%     14.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000         6572398      8.59%     23.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000         6300542      8.23%     31.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000         6149875      8.03%     39.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000         5597596      7.31%     46.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000         5088500      6.65%     53.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000         5589212      7.30%     60.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000         6154592      8.04%     68.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000         6293011      8.22%     76.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6577295      8.59%     85.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000         5810011      7.59%     93.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000         4208942      5.50%     98.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000         1048017      1.37%     99.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000           28169      0.04%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000           49433      0.06%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000              97      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000             74      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             13260      0.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          25276000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              76540879                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              3235                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         1019024662.751159                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1442229751.533223                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             1      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             2      0.06%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           806     24.91%     25.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            60      1.85%     26.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          445     13.76%     40.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1920     59.35%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           18000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10342450000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                3235                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              76544114                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             43112.746984                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            23260.945903                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                  23363      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000            1035175      1.35%      1.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000           4198128      5.48%      6.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000           5803869      7.58%     14.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000           6572878      8.59%     23.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000           6301155      8.23%     31.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000           6150457      8.04%     39.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000           5598171      7.31%     46.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000           5089090      6.65%     53.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000           5589788      7.30%     60.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000           6155172      8.04%     68.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000           6293625      8.22%     76.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6577771      8.59%     85.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000           5810406      7.59%     93.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000           4209161      5.50%     98.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000           1048084      1.37%     99.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000             28161      0.04%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000             46229      0.06%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                95      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000               74      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               13262      0.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            25276000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                76544114                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.278353                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.450865                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           238544     72.28%     72.28% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1            91064     27.59%     99.88% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2              397      0.12%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000009                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.003015                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          330002    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               3      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           231.938477                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            9.252660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-15                    9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-31                 361      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-47                   3      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-63                  39      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-79                  30      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-95                 117      0.04%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-111                 47      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-127               438      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-143                53      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-159                52      0.02%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::160-175               115      0.03%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::176-191                54      0.02%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::192-207               198      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::208-223                76      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::224-239            328413     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.009785                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.141992                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 328108     99.43%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                    958      0.29%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    549      0.17%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    387      0.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     76541084                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000030                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.087098                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       76541075    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      76541084                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3058                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.021256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.607384                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    18.302153                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3042     99.48%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           16      0.52%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3058                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     46388511.689217                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1846694.347988                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            7      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          362      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           40      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           56      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          115      0.03%      0.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          453      0.14%      0.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           70      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07           66      0.02%      0.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          135      0.04%      0.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          213      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          861      0.26%      0.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07       327624     99.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        46388359.483276      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                 153084454                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3721.761791                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   238534.168431                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       329994    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth        3726.293831      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  12297                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        76541084                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11446.825655                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11445.559362                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        175.623578                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     76541069    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          76541084                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples           3041                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11512.101282                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11509.954176                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       226.511497                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2950     97.01%     97.01% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           90      2.96%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.03%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total             3041                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            76541084                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           43114.585064                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          23469.678782                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                19784      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000          1066153      1.39%      1.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000         4122963      5.39%      6.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000         5691275      7.44%     14.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000         6381619      8.34%     22.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000         6403587      8.37%     30.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000         6269259      8.19%     39.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000         5682177      7.42%     46.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000         5175335      6.76%     53.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000         5673910      7.41%     60.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000         6274889      8.20%     68.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000         6397741      8.36%     77.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6385487      8.34%     85.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000         5695265      7.44%     93.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000         4133522      5.40%     98.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000         1080391      1.41%     99.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000           25062      0.03%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000           49235      0.06%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000             106      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000             84      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             13240      0.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          44605000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              76541084                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              3058                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         1079163708.306082                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1535761654.742307                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             1      0.03%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.03%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             1      0.03%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           714     23.35%     23.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            51      1.67%     25.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          400     13.08%     38.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1889     61.77%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           29000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value     11624835000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                3058                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              76544142                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             43113.316118                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            23528.478407                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                  19787      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000            1066209      1.39%      1.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000           4123213      5.39%      6.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000           5691654      7.44%     14.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000           6382082      8.34%     22.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000           6404143      8.37%     30.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000           6269801      8.19%     39.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000           5682711      7.42%     46.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000           5175848      6.76%     53.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000           5674447      7.41%     60.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000           6275423      8.20%     68.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000           6398300      8.36%     77.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6385956      8.34%     85.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000           5695642      7.44%     93.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000           4133772      5.40%     98.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000           1080451      1.41%     99.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000             25042      0.03%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000             46223      0.06%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000               107      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000               84      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               13247      0.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            34714000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                76544142                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.278396                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.451061                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           238556     72.29%     72.29% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1            91026     27.58%     99.87% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2              423      0.13%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000018                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.004264                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          329999    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               6      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           231.939095                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            9.252416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-15                    8      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-31                 362      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-47                   3      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-63                  39      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-79                  32      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-95                 115      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-111                 47      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-127               438      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-143                51      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-159                55      0.02%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::160-175               113      0.03%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::176-191                54      0.02%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::192-207               199      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::208-223                79      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::224-239            328410     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.009248                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.135509                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 328143     99.44%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                    997      0.30%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    542      0.16%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    322      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     76540995                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000027                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.082117                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       76540987    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      76540995                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3161                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.016450                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.571945                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    18.555691                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3144     99.46%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           17      0.54%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3161                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     46388381.388161                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1851371.532651                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          369      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           94      0.03%      0.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          572      0.17%      0.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          139      0.04%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          344      0.10%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07       328485     99.54%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        46388228.576637      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                 153084022                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3689.035015                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   266350.789418                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06       329996    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth        3847.200657      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  12696                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        76540995                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11448.196883                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11446.868498                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        179.629620                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     76540978    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          76540995                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples           3144                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11507.442748                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11505.482397                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       216.033900                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3062     97.39%     97.39% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           82      2.61%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total             3144                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            76540995                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           43114.815387                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          23560.499643                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                25250      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000           963670      1.26%      1.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000         3979612      5.20%      6.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000         5644514      7.37%     13.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000         6669155      8.71%     22.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000         6461828      8.44%     31.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000         6302824      8.23%     39.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000         5581210      7.29%     46.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000         5192898      6.78%     53.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000         5572972      7.28%     60.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000         6306960      8.24%     68.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000         6454800      8.43%     77.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6674072      8.72%     86.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000         5651680      7.38%     93.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000         3990572      5.21%     98.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000          976056      1.28%     99.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000           30157      0.04%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000           49349      0.06%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000             105      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000             78      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             13233      0.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          48561000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              76540995                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              3161                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         1042846894.337235                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1477659500.332561                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             2      0.06%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.03%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           776     24.55%     24.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            56      1.77%     26.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          409     12.94%     39.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1916     60.61%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           14000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value     12513876000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                3161                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              76544156                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             43113.034900                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            23446.326275                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                  25253      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000             963729      1.26%      1.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000           3979841      5.20%      6.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000           5644883      7.37%     13.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000           6669655      8.71%     22.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000           6462424      8.44%     31.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000           6303379      8.23%     39.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000           5581785      7.29%     46.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000           5193416      6.78%     53.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000           5573548      7.28%     60.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000           6307514      8.24%     68.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000           6455399      8.43%     77.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6674572      8.72%     86.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000           5652048      7.38%     93.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000           3990801      5.21%     98.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000            976118      1.28%     99.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000             30144      0.04%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000             46224      0.06%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000               104      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000               78      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               13241      0.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            44632000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                76544156                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.278850                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.451203                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           238394     72.24%     72.24% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1            91200     27.64%     99.88% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2              411      0.12%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000012                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.003482                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          330001    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               4      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           231.938828                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            9.252027                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-15                    9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-31                 361      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-47                   3      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-63                  39      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-79                  30      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-95                 119      0.04%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-111                 44      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-127               440      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-143                51      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-159                54      0.02%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::160-175               112      0.03%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::176-191                56      0.02%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::192-207               199      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::208-223                78      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::224-239            328410     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.009560                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.138288                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 328100     99.42%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                    992      0.30%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    581      0.18%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    328      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    306164645                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        2.000673                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.000026                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       0.413396                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       306163834    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          811      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      306164645                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12660                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       3.847156                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.574508                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     17.280211                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          12601     99.53%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           59      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         12660                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      185553146.164452                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     7371264.113038                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07            5      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07          364      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07           39      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07           63      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          108      0.03%      0.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08          456      0.14%      0.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           69      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           70      0.02%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08          131      0.04%      0.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08          212      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08          142      0.04%      0.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08       328345     99.50%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           330005                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         185552534.919717      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                  612334836                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     14508.871078                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    617800.509176                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       329976     99.99%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           18      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          330005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        14758.814430      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   48705                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        306163862                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20038.774893                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20038.026925                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         177.184583                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-8191                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575    306163791    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767           23      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495           24      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          306163862                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples           12601                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20152.130783                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20150.250796                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        277.798215                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479         9246     73.38%     73.38% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         3355     26.62%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total             12601                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            306164645                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            10778.680435                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           13285.780091                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000             141179055     46.11%     46.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000          65001410     21.23%     67.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000         30615289     10.00%     77.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         21420000      7.00%     84.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000         14168514      4.63%     88.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000          9056841      2.96%     91.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000          7789169      2.54%     94.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          4574041      1.49%     95.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          4357174      1.42%     97.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          3077201      1.01%     98.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          2598395      0.85%     99.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          1371967      0.45%     99.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000           669510      0.22%     99.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           206815      0.07%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            26889      0.01%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             5757      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             3528      0.00%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            42288      0.01%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               53      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              44      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                703      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                  0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           25275500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              306164645                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              12660                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          260668390.205371                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         542722650.580978                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  10      0.08%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               3      0.02%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              2      0.02%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              2      0.02%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              1      0.01%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              0      0.00%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              2      0.02%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              2      0.02%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              1      0.01%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              3      0.02%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           3979     31.43%     31.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            408      3.22%     34.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          4000     31.60%     66.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             4247     33.55%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       4635177500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                12660                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              306177305                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              10778.270519                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             13297.117246                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000               141186970     46.11%     46.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            65004542     21.23%     67.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000           30617173     10.00%     77.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           21420882      7.00%     84.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000           14168962      4.63%     88.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            9057137      2.96%     91.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            7788978      2.54%     94.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            4573935      1.49%     95.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            4356929      1.42%     97.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            3076919      1.00%     98.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            2597946      0.85%     99.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            1371699      0.45%     99.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000             669285      0.22%     99.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000             206726      0.07%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000              26865      0.01%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               5744      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               3516      0.00%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000              42284      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 53      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                44      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  714      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                    0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             25162500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                306177305                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.857151                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.447818                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             65399     19.82%     19.82% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1             84841     25.71%     45.53% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2             77733     23.56%     69.08% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3             55793     16.91%     85.99% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4             30420      9.22%     95.21% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5             12039      3.65%     98.85% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6              3196      0.97%     99.82% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7               540      0.16%     99.99% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                44      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        330005                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.000082                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.009045                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           329978     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1               27      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       330005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            927.757328                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            36.949452                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-63                     9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-127                 361      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-191                  3      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-255                 39      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-319                 30      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-383                117      0.04%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-447                 47      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-511                439      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-575                 52      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-639                 52      0.02%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::640-703                115      0.03%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::704-767                 53      0.02%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::768-831                199      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::832-895                 79      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::896-959             328410     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::960-1023                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::1024-1087                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::1088-1151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::1152-1215                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::1216-1279                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.038287                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.337526                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                  325731     98.70%     98.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                      95      0.03%     98.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                      88      0.03%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                    4056      1.23%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                       8      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                       0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                      26      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              330005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp8.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp8.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   306169960                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                  153176042                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               306169960                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses              153176042                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        459346002                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    459346002                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                  1184763610                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses              1184763610                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.hits                       1184763610                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                   1184763610                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.numCycles                      6587198211                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1071668682                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.committedOps                   1148389742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1110048763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   76533487                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     38343199                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1110048763                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         1722852322                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         880338053                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          4363753836                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          421032640                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    459361945                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  306179800                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 153182145                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              17234193.355399                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6569964017.644602                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.997384                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.002616                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.Branches                        114882018                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                689040702     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    8440      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               306179800     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              153182145     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.op_class::total                1148411107                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      23                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            24175                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1184902314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            24175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         49013.539359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2369551395                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2369551395                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1184739435                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1184739435                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1184739435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1184739435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1184739435                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1184739435                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        24175                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         24175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        24175                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    340783943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    340783943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    340783943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    340783943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    340783943                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    340783943                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1184763610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1184763610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1184763610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1184763610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1184763610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1184763610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14096.543661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14096.543661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14096.543661                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14096.543661                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14096.543661                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14096.543661                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        24175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    291950057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    291950057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    291950057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291950057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    291950057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291950057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12076.527694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12076.527694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12076.527694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12076.527694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12076.527694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12076.527694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              1509                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             1837                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          208.546686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          382711544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         208335.081111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   208.546686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.814635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        842227797                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       842227797                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    267928327                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      267928327                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    153168914                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     153168914                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4390                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         4390                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2060                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2060                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    421097241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       421097241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    421101631                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      421101631                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2736                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2736                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2722                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2722                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          438                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          438                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         5458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         5503                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5503                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     30075974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30075974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    109616940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    109616940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       453498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       453498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     27482993                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     27482993                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    139692914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    139692914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    139692914                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    139692914                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    267931063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    267931063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    153171636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    153171636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4435                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4435                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2511                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2511                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    421102699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    421102699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    421107134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    421107134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.010147                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.010147                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.022302                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022302                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.175340                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.175340                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10992.680556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10992.680556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40270.734754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40270.734754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8098.178571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8098.178571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 62746.559361                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62746.559361                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25594.157933                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25594.157933                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25384.865346                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25384.865346                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              760                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          438                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          438                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     24579026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24579026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    104122060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104122060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       377002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       377002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        65500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     26600007                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26600007                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    128701086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128701086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    129078088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129078088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1607862638588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1607862638588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     76169502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     76169502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1607938808090                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1607938808090                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.010147                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010147                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.004381                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004381                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.175340                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175340                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8983.562135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8983.562135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38252.042616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38252.042616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8377.822222                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8377.822222                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  5954.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5954.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 60730.609589                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60730.609589                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23580.264932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23580.264932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23455.949119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23455.949119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1506873                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   306641097                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                  153393291                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               306641097                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses              153393291                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        460034388                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    460034388                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                  1186686390                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses              1186686390                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.hits                       1186686390                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                   1186686390                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.numCycles                      6592806506                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1073304190                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.committedOps                   1150115667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1111722169                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   76654906                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     38394283                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1111722169                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1725377898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         881667487                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          4370328867                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          421667753                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    460046599                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  306648507                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 153398092                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7312195.455530                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              6585494310.544471                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998891                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001109                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.Branches                        115054507                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                690077322     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8457      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                46      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               306648507     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              153398092     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.op_class::total                1150132424                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            18506                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1186823408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            18506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         64131.817140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2373391286                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2373391286                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1186667884                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1186667884                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1186667884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1186667884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1186667884                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1186667884                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        18506                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        18506                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        18506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         18506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        18506                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        18506                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    267833051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    267833051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    267833051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    267833051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    267833051                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    267833051                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1186686390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1186686390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1186686390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1186686390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1186686390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1186686390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14472.768345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14472.768345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14472.768345                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14472.768345                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14472.768345                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14472.768345                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        18506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        18506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        18506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    230478949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230478949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    230478949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230478949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    230478949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230478949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12454.282341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12454.282341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12454.282341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12454.282341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12454.282341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12454.282341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              1279                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1185                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          197.504523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             151467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           127.820253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   197.504523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.771502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.771502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        843476842                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       843476842                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    268337464                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      268337464                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    153387824                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     153387824                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1837                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1837                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1838                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    421725288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       421725288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    421727125                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      421727125                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3558                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3558                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1603                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          119                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          119                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         5161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         5210                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5210                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     29817962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29817962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     29022983                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29022983                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       926999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       926999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4014993                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      4014993                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     58840945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     58840945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     58840945                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     58840945                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    268341022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    268341022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    153389427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    153389427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1886                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1886                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1979                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1979                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1957                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1957                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    421730449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    421730449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    421732335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    421732335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.025981                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.025981                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.040930                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.040930                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.060807                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.060807                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8380.540191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8380.540191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18105.416719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18105.416719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11444.432099                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11444.432099                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 33739.436975                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33739.436975                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11401.074404                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11401.074404                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11293.847409                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11293.847409                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          328                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              328                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          119                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         5161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         5210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     22671038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22671038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     25800017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25800017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       359001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       359001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       516000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       516000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3772007                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3772007                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     48471055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48471055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     48830056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48830056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1610469699671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1610469699671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     77144002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     77144002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1610546843673                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1610546843673                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.025981                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025981                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.016675                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016675                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.060807                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060807                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6371.848791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6371.848791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16094.832813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16094.832813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7326.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7326.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15636.363636                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15636.363636                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 31697.537815                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31697.537815                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9391.795195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9391.795195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9372.371593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9372.371593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1371811                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   306238773                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                  153189590                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               306238774                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses              153189590                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        459428363                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    459428364                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                  1184586967                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses              1184586967                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.hits                       1184586967                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                   1184586967                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.numCycles                      6587229756                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.committedInsts                 1071888075                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.committedOps                   1148594464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1110253500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                   76554044                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     38340178                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1110253500                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         1723090676                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         880508343                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads          4364551677                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          421109440                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    459438626                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  306245864                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                 153192762                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              15911894.622106                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              6571317861.377894                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.997584                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.002416                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.Branches                        114899517                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                689162145     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    8364      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               306245864     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite              153192762     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.op_class::total                1148609155                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      25                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            17572                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1184708412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            17572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         67420.237423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2369191506                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2369191506                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1184569395                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1184569395                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1184569395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1184569395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1184569395                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1184569395                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17572                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        17572                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         17572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17572                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        17572                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    253526994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    253526994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    253526994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    253526994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    253526994                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    253526994                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1184586967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1184586967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1184586967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1184586967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1184586967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1184586967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14427.896312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14427.896312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14427.896312                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14427.896312                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14427.896312                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14427.896312                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    218030006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218030006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    218030006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218030006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    218030006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218030006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12407.808218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12407.808218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12407.808218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12407.808218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12407.808218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12407.808218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry              1175                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             1643                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          212.336173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          421177168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs         256346.419963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   212.336173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.829438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        842363483                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       842363483                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    267983952                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      267983952                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    153184275                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     153184275                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1745                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1745                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data    421168227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       421168227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data    421169972                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      421169972                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         4025                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4025                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1580                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1580                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          102                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          102                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         5605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          5605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         5645                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         5645                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     34595940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34595940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     32370483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32370483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       214500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       214500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3890494                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3890494                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     66966423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     66966423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     66966423                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     66966423                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    267987977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    267987977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    153185855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    153185855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1785                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data    421173832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    421173832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data    421175617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    421175617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.022409                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.022409                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.022295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.055799                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055799                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8595.264596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8595.264596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 20487.647468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20487.647468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  5231.707317                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5231.707317                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 38142.098039                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38142.098039                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11947.622302                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11947.622302                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11862.962445                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11862.962445                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          332                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              332                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          102                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     26505060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26505060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     29194517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29194517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       185500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       185500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        27000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3683506                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3683506                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     55699577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55699577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     55885077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55885077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1608946382133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1608946382133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     77122500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     77122500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1609023504633                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1609023504633                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.022409                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022409                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.004894                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004894                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.055799                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055799                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6585.108075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6585.108075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 18477.542405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18477.542405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4637.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4637.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         3000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 36112.803922                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36112.803922                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9937.480285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9937.480285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9899.925066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9899.925066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1873930                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   306607094                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                  153374305                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               306607095                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses              153374305                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        459981399                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    459981400                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                  1186260917                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses              1186260917                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.hits                       1186260917                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                   1186260917                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.numCycles                      6592157956                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.committedInsts                 1073181638                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.committedOps                   1149980763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1111593651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   76646392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     38387711                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1111593651                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         1725171335                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         881568170                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads          4369818986                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          421619171                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    459992878                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  306614195                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 153378683                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7956770.397424                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              6584201185.602575                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998793                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001207                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.Branches                        115039376                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                689995367     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8382      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               306614195     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              153378683     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.op_class::total                1149996643                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            17606                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1186362222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            17606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         67383.972623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2372539440                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      2372539440                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1186243311                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1186243311                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1186243311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1186243311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1186243311                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1186243311                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        17606                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         17606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        17606                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    259582056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    259582056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    259582056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    259582056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    259582056                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    259582056                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1186260917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1186260917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1186260917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1186260917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1186260917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1186260917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14743.954107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14743.954107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14743.954107                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14743.954107                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14743.954107                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14743.954107                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        17606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    224046944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224046944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    224046944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224046944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    224046944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224046944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12725.601727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12725.601727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12725.601727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12725.601727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12725.601727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12725.601727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry              1345                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             1975                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          198.156796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          383057482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs         193953.155443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   198.156796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.774050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.774050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        843378827                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       843378827                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    268305958                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      268305958                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    153368903                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     153368903                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1730                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1730                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data    421674861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       421674861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data    421676591                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      421676591                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         4632                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4632                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1697                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1697                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           35                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         6329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          6329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         6364                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         6364                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     43733904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43733904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     36915953                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36915953                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       404499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       404499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3208000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3208000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     80649857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     80649857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     80649857                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     80649857                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    268310590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    268310590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    153370600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    153370600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1765                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1765                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data    421681190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    421681190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data    421682955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    421682955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.019830                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.019830                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.023217                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023217                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.043938                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.043938                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9441.689119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9441.689119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21753.655274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21753.655274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9630.928571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9630.928571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 40607.594937                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40607.594937                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12742.906778                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12742.906778                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12672.824796                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12672.824796                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          775                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              775                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           35                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         6329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         6364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     34383096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34383096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     33475047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33475047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       332001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       332001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        69500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        69500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3050000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3050000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     67858143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67858143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     68190144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68190144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1610625763153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1610625763153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     76743000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     76743000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1610702506153                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1610702506153                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.019830                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019830                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.004975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.043938                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043938                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7422.948187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7422.948187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 19726.014732                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19726.014732                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9485.742857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9485.742857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7722.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7722.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 38607.594937                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38607.594937                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10721.779586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10721.779586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10714.981772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10714.981772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1696356                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                   306239197                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                  153190510                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses               306239198                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses              153190510                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                        459429707                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                    459429708                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                  1184821356                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses              1184821356                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.hits                       1184821356                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                   1184821356                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.numCycles                      6587194498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.committedInsts                 1071894217                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.committedOps                   1148601741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses           1110260487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                   76554449                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts     38341822                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                  1110260487                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads         1723103080                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes         880510772                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads          4364578370                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes          421113302                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                    459441207                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                  306246307                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                 153194900                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              15841423.601214                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              6571353074.398787                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.997595                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.002405                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.Branches                        114901556                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                689168043     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                    8385      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead               306246307     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite              153194900     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.op_class::total                1148617651                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            17667                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs         1184904143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            17667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         67068.780382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2369660379                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses      2369660379                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1184803689                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1184803689                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1184803689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total      1184803689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1184803689                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total     1184803689                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        17667                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         17667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        17667                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    258208507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    258208507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    258208507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    258208507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    258208507                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    258208507                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1184821356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1184821356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1184821356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total   1184821356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1184821356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total   1184821356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14615.300108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14615.300108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14615.300108                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14615.300108                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14615.300108                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14615.300108                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        17667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    222519493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222519493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    222519493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222519493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    222519493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222519493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 12595.205355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12595.205355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 12595.205355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12595.205355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 12595.205355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12595.205355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry              1429                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             2176                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          212.199914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             336956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           154.851103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   212.199914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.828906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.828906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        842367744                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses       842367744                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data    267983991                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      267983991                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data    153185022                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     153185022                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1740                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1740                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1715                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1715                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data    421169013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total       421169013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data    421170753                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total      421170753                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         4716                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4716                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1778                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1778                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         6494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          6494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         6527                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         6527                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     46196918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46196918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     38580443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38580443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       246497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       246497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2806998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2806998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     84777361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     84777361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     84777361                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     84777361                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    267988707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    267988707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    153186800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    153186800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1773                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1773                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data    421175507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total    421175507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data    421177280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total    421177280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.018613                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.018613                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.015969                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015969                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049861                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.049861                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9795.784139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9795.784139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 21698.786839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21698.786839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8499.896552                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8499.896552                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 31188.866667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31188.866667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13054.721435                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13054.721435                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12988.717788                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12988.717788                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          594                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              594                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         6494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         6527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     36692082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36692082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     34971557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34971557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       222003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        31500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2625002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2625002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     71663639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71663639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     71885642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71885642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1608704169630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1608704169630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     76653000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     76653000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1608780822630                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1608780822630                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.018613                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018613                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.004405                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004405                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049861                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049861                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7780.339695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7780.339695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19669.042182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19669.042182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  6727.363636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6727.363636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  3937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 29166.688889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29166.688889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11035.361719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11035.361719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11013.580818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11013.580818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1710437                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                   306051783                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                  153097405                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses               306051785                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses              153097405                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                        459149188                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                    459149190                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                  1183950637                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses              1183950637                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.hits                       1183950637                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                   1183950637                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.numCycles                      6587203671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.committedInsts                 1071238750                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.committedOps                   1147900695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses           1109582277                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                   76507542                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts     38318966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                  1109582277                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads         1722052879                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes         879972346                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads          4361913757                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes          420855743                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                    459160851                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                  306059008                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                 153101843                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              19906280.848385                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              6567297390.151615                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.996978                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.003022                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.Branches                        114831826                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                688747514     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                    8416      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                22      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead               306059008     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite              153101843     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.op_class::total                1147916803                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      37                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            17839                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs         1183994097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            17839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         66371.102472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2367919113                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses      2367919113                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1183932798                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1183932798                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1183932798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total      1183932798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1183932798                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total     1183932798                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        17839                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         17839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        17839                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    258544993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    258544993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    258544993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    258544993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    258544993                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    258544993                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1183950637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1183950637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1183950637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total   1183950637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1183950637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total   1183950637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14493.244745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14493.244745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14493.244745                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14493.244745                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14493.244745                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14493.244745                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        17839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    222507007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222507007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    222507007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222507007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    222507007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222507007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12473.065026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12473.065026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12473.065026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12473.065026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12473.065026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12473.065026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry              1256                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             1746                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          221.231221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             324676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           185.954181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   221.231221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.864184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        841853707                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses       841853707                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data    267820535                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      267820535                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data    153091890                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     153091890                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1752                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1752                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1805                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data    420912425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total       420912425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data    420914177                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total      420914177                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         4387                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4387                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1752                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1752                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           55                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         6139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          6139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         6194                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         6194                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     44239910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44239910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     38548447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38548447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       578999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       578999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4869499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      4869499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     82788357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     82788357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     82788357                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     82788357                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    267824922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    267824922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    153093642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    153093642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1807                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1807                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data    420918564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total    420918564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data    420920371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total    420920371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.030437                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.030437                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.034243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.053967                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053967                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10084.319581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10084.319581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 22002.538242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22002.538242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9046.859375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9046.859375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 48694.990000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48694.990000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13485.642124                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13485.642124                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13365.895544                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13365.895544                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          331                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              331                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           55                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         6139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         6194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     35398090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35398090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     34993553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34993553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       502001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       502001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        72000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        72000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4668501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4668501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     70391643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70391643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     70893644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70893644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1607850131089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1607850131089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     76663000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     76663000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1607926794089                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1607926794089                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.030437                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030437                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004815                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004815                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.053967                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053967                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8068.860269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8068.860269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19973.489155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19973.489155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9127.290909                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9127.290909                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         8000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 46685.010000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46685.010000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11466.304447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11466.304447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11445.535034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11445.535034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1827163                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                   306606399                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         8                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                  153374061                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses               306606407                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses              153374062                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                        459980460                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                    459980469                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                  1185770017                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         2                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses              1185770019                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.hits                       1185770017                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                   1185770019                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.numCycles                      6592085708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.committedInsts                 1073176327                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.committedOps                   1149975031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses           1111587838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                   76645694                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts     38386516                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                  1111587838                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads         1725162459                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes         881565867                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads          4369796481                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes          421615329                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                    459990781                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                  306613507                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                 153377274                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              8028783.275869                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              6584056924.724131                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.998782                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.001218                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.Branches                        115037515                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                689990596     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                    8366      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead               306613507     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite              153377274     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.op_class::total                1149989763                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements            17503                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs         1185763104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs            17503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         67746.278009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2371557537                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses      2371557537                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst   1185752514                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1185752514                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst   1185752514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total      1185752514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst   1185752514                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total     1185752514                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        17503                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total         17503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total        17503                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    253878103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    253878103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    253878103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    253878103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    253878103                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    253878103                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst   1185770017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1185770017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst   1185770017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total   1185770017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst   1185770017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total   1185770017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14504.833629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14504.833629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14504.833629                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14504.833629                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14504.833629                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14504.833629                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        17503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    218567897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218567897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    218567897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218567897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    218567897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218567897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12487.453408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12487.453408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12487.453408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12487.453408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12487.453408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12487.453408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry              1268                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements             1212                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          222.913442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             176673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs           145.769802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   222.913442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.870756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        843375645                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses       843375645                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data    268306366                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      268306366                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data    153368554                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     153368554                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         1764                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data    421674920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total       421674920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data    421676684                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total      421676684                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         3427                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3427                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         1758                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1758                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           35                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           85                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           85                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data         5185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total          5185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data         5220                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total         5220                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     33164935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33164935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     43602928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43602928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       593498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       593498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3395496                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3395496                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     76767863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     76767863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     76767863                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     76767863                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data    268309793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    268309793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data    153370312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    153370312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         1799                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1799                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         1842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data    421680105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total    421680105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data    421681904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total    421681904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.019455                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.019455                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022102                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022102                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.046145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9677.541582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9677.541582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 24802.575654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24802.575654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14475.560976                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14475.560976                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 39947.011765                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39947.011765                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14805.759499                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14805.759499                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14706.487165                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14706.487165                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          408                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              408                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         3427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         1758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           35                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           85                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         5185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         5220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     26265065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26265065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     40018072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40018072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       400501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       400501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       184001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       184001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3225504                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3225504                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        26500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        26500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     66283137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66283137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     66683638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66683638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data 1611110719154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1611110719154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     76980001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     76980001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data 1611187699155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1611187699155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.019455                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019455                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.007547                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007547                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.046145                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046145                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  7664.156697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7664.156697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 22763.408419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22763.408419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11442.885714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11442.885714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13142.928571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13142.928571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 37947.105882                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37947.105882                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12783.632980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12783.632980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12774.643295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12774.643295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2125112                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                   306981368                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                        10                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                  153563612                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       6                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses               306981378                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses              153563612                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                        460544980                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                    460544990                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                  1188187022                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses              1188187025                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.hits                       1188187022                       # DTB hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                   1188187025                       # DTB accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.numCycles                      6600123689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp8.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp8.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.committedInsts                 1074503423                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.committedOps                   1151398054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses           1112958840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   209                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                   76739214                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts     38439902                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                  1112958840                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          209                       # number of float instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads         1727297132                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes         882645572                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                 145                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads          4375195338                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes          422142026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                    460556942                       # number of memory refs
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                  306988718                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                 153568224                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                702.004005                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              6600122986.995995                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.Branches                        115184511                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                690849102     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                    8409      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                37      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead               306988718     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite              153568224     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.op_class::total                1151414491                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp8.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements            18271                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs         1188134250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs            18271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         65028.419353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2376392315                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses      2376392315                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst   1188168751                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1188168751                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst   1188168751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total      1188168751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst   1188168751                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total     1188168751                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst        18271                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        18271                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst        18271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total         18271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst        18271                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total        18271                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    269279651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269279651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    269279651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    269279651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    269279651                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    269279651                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst   1188187022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1188187022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst   1188187022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total   1188187022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst   1188187022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total   1188187022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14738.090471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14738.090471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14738.090471                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14738.090471                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14738.090471                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14738.090471                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        18271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        18271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        18271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    232457349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232457349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    232457349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232457349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    232457349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232457349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 12722.749111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12722.749111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 12722.749111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12722.749111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 12722.749111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12722.749111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry              1423                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements             1876                       # number of replacements
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          242.073929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs          383122867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs         204223.276652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   242.073929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.945601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        844413179                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses       844413179                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data    268635066                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      268635066                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data    153558827                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     153558827                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1817                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1817                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data    422193893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total       422193893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data    422195710                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total      422195710                       # number of overall hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         3912                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3912                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          910                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          910                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data         4822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          4822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data         4860                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         4860                       # number of overall misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     39480386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39480386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     25483997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25483997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       619000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       619000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3290495                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3290495                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     64964383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     64964383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     64964383                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     64964383                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data    268638978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    268638978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data    153559737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    153559737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1855                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1855                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data    422198715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total    422198715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data    422200570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total    422200570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.020485                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.020485                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.025253                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025253                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.039146                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039146                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10092.123211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10092.123211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28004.392308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28004.392308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        12380                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        12380                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 42733.701299                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42733.701299                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13472.497511                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13472.497511                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13367.156996                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13367.156996                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          690                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              690                       # number of writebacks
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         3912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         4822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         4860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     31554614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31554614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     23662003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23662003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       480500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       480500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       127500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       127500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3133505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3133505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     55216617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55216617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     55697117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55697117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data 1612076347642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1612076347642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     76804000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     76804000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data 1612153151642                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1612153151642                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.020485                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020485                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.006566                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006566                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.039146                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039146                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  8066.107873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8066.107873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26002.201099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26002.201099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12644.736842                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12644.736842                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9807.692308                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9807.692308                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 40694.870130                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40694.870130                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11450.978225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11450.978225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11460.312140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11460.312140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp8.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1190394                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 3300061819500 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp8_sim_ticks]
