sim_seconds                                  0.136160                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                136159575500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               48935995544500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               34484315                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 35680129                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              138496394                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   983.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 33902468218                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   35078105558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1963720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::total      1963720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data         2632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         2632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       490930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::total       490930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data          658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total          658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     14422195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::total       14422195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        19330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total         19330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     14441526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total      14441526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs               490930                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                 658                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts             490930                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts               658                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM        15703456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ             6304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten            12256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys          1963720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys          2632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             197                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            274                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0        88766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1        42541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2        48796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3        53791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4        54614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5        54850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6        59469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7        87906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4           40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5           34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap           5905456381000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2         490930                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2           658                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0           490733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       491086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.001955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.250103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-39       491056     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-71           30      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       491086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 21989.440757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  7677.223717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      4.76%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            2      9.52%     23.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      4.76%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      4.76%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            3     14.29%     47.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            3     14.29%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            2      9.52%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      4.76%     76.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      4.76%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      4.76%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::33792-34815            1      4.76%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::37888-38911            2      9.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.238095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.225715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.700340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      4.76%      4.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18           16     76.19%     80.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19            2      9.52%     90.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20            2      9.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat           10210517988                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat      18528442338                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat          1570345600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat              20806.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat         37756.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                115.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys              14.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits               30                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          7.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap            12013019.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  99101202100                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF  11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT  25094802147                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0     14167895414.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     10440086025.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2     10557034387.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     15008005555.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0       9557707224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1       7042915176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2       7121808912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3      10124448192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0    11476407321.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1      8399384448                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2    8495793945.599999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3    12169859020.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0      262123776                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   262053273.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   262174786.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3   261799050.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 293191277112                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 276602209899.840027                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 277128889571.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 296970043210.559998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 2502483596640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 2517035409984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 2516573410272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 2499168889536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   3623509856755.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   3612152908074.239746                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   3612509961142.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   3626073893832                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     78.781404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     78.534484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     78.542247                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     78.837150                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                 7521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total            3760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks           9401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total                9401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks           9401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total               16921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           17                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 136141565000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.383672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                      811992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                1354392                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    25374.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               42324.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     36.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               50.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 15126840555.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   66.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  124194921808                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF    11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        1082439                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                1372896                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1464825.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           1398902.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           1343865.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 926160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1           988176.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2           943704.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 906576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          5287526.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          5619494.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          5292019.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          5093836.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         2372198.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              2488320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         2375930.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         2315796.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       230048827352.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       230050791800.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       230049919126.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       230048989761.600006                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       2557871710464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       2557869987264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       2557870752768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       2557871568000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         3580301345864.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         3580302189147.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         3580301531717.759766                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         3580301067103.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.841975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.841994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.841979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.841969                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    433553804                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    118934704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       167023                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       166347                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    552821878                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    433553804                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    433553804                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     30130380                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15906                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15779                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     30162065                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    108388451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     37308526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       167023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       166347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total    146030347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     11326815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total     11342756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3184159486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    873494968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1226671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1221706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4060102831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3184159486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3184159486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    221287265                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       116819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       115886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total    221519969                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3184159486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data   1094782232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1343490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1337592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4281622801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         3760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                13161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total            7521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          16921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               16921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          16921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         3760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total               30082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 136177289000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.880802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    21.715341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.463063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     2052808                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                3002008                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    36657.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               53607.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     28.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     61                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               84.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 8511080562.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   85.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  124194804647                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF    11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        1199600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           1446076.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                1400112                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           1476921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3                1475712                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 975528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 944520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2           996336.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 995520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          5544115.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          5417318.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          5571571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3               5571072                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         2524815.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         2365562.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         2511544.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         2485416.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       230050115133.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       230049578712.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       230051022773.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       230050964223.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       2557870580832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       2557871051376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       2557869784656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       2557869836016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         3580302035767.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         3580301606869.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         3580302213070.079590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         3580302177227.519531                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.841990                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.841981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.841994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.841993                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1981976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total      1981976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         3340                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         3340                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       495494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total       495494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          835                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          835                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     14556273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       14556273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        24530                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total         24530                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     14580803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      14580803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs               495494                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 835                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts             495494                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               835                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM        15847904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ             7904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            15264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys          1981976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          3340                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ             247                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts            357                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0        73770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1        45545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2        47258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3        71111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4        48312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5        46807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6        61394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7       101050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap           40171428540500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2         495494                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           835                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0           495247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15              18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16              18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       495681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.324578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-39       495642     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-71           35      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-103            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       495681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 17852.851852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 17098.561048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5482.142371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            3     11.11%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      7.41%     18.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            3     11.11%     29.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.70%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.70%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.70%     40.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      3.70%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            2      7.41%     51.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.70%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            3     11.11%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            2      7.41%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      3.70%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      3.70%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25087            1      3.70%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::25088-25599            1      3.70%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27135            1      3.70%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28160-28671            2      7.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.614673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.386750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            9     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           12     44.44%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            4     14.81%     92.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.70%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21            1      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat           10342824744                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat      18737261394                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat          1584790400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              20884.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         37834.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                116.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              14.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               24.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               43                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate          9.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap            80937097.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  98835828499                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF  11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25360175748                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     10744255065.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     10640109715.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     10941748876.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3      17937333792                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0       7248108576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1       7177851792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2     7381338528.000001                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3      12100582320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    8649560025.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    8564098982.400001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    8814078374.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    14588366707.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   262910914.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   262366801.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   261507087.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   261238348.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 277936754693.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 277492874425.919983                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 278848318374.719971                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 310030479622.079956                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 2515864756656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 2516254125312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 2515065139392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 2487712366368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   3613077195198.719727                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   3612762276296.639648                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   3613682979900.479492                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   3635001216425.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     78.554579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     78.547732                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     78.567750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     79.031246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1990556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total      1990556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         3380                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         3380                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       497639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       497639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data          845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::total          845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     14619288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total       14619288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        24824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::total         24824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     14644111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total      14644111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               497639                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                 845                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             497639                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts               845                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM        15916544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ             7904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten            14112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys          1990556                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys          3380                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             247                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            400                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        52913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        52405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        66811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        74058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        58658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        55573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        66208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        70766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap           17229665402500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         497639                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2           845                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           497392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15              17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16              17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       497797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.272120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-39       497761     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-71           36      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       497797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean 19688.640000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 17410.507666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  8029.202975                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      4.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      4.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2      8.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      4.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            3     12.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            3     12.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      4.00%     52.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            2      8.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      8.00%     68.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      4.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      4.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            2      8.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            2      8.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.640000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.603452                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.150362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16            7     28.00%     28.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18           14     56.00%     84.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::19            3     12.00%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      4.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat           10338976158                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat      18769770558                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat          1591654400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat              20786.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         37736.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                116.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys              14.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits               36                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          8.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap            34564129.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  98769649408                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF  11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT  25426354839                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     10789463260.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     12373852982.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     11588024246.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     15505822483.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0     7278606168.000001                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1       8347440504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2       7817317944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3      10460277072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    8687524684.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    9995730201.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    9347064230.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    12581307148.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   262423618.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   262028805.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   261914342.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   261499207.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 278132621322.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 285207343966.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 281725424510.399963                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 299181676717.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 2515692943824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 2509487046768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 2512541362080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 2497228860144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   3613214432145.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   3618044292494.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   3615651956620.799805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   3627590292040.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     78.557563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     78.662573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     78.610559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     78.870119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                 7521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total            7521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks          13161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               13161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks          13161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total               20682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 136153855000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   195.764706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   152.090833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    94.577699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     23.53%     23.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     23.53%     47.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     52.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    12.699208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                      798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate              105.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 12377623181.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   98.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  124192530459                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF    11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        2919361                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           1421884.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           1368662.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                1375920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                1375920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 959208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1           923304.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 928200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 928200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          5435289.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          5255577.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               5204160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3               5176704                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0              2488320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         2352291.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2              2322432                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         2342753.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       230049609958.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       230049172526.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       230050299977.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       230049932368.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       2557871023968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       2557871407680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       2557870418688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       2557870741152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         3580301787895.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         3580301329309.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         3580301398644.480469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         3580301346364.799805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.841985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.841975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.841977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.841975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      1956008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::total      1956008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data         3388                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         3388                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       489002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::total       489002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data          847                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::total          847                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     14365556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::total       14365556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data        24883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::total         24883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     14390439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::total      14390439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs               489002                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                 847                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts             489002                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts               847                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM        15638816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ             9248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten            15072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys          1956008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys          3388                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             289                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            388                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0        86360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1        49387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2        43893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3        48350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4        46162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5        42963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6        71504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7       100094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3           42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap           150397424500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2         489002                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2           847                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0           488713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       489131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.003467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.002403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.333083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-39       489078     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-71           53      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       489131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean 18160.461538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 16990.603586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6892.236939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      3.85%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2      7.69%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            1      3.85%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      3.85%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            3     11.54%     34.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            2      7.69%     42.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            3     11.54%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            5     19.23%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      7.69%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      3.85%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      3.85%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::38912-39935            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.115385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.081699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.107318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16            4     15.38%     15.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.85%     19.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18           10     38.46%     57.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::19           10     38.46%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat           10205745887                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat      18489431237                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat          1563881600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat              20882.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat         37832.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                114.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys              14.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits               53                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate         11.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap              307028.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  99178417784                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF  11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT  25017586463                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0     13953704284.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1      10222583616                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2     9181527465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3     17719948108.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0       9413213208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1       6896187360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2       6193887576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3      11953933248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0    11298723571.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1    8219507212.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2      7361303040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3    14408502451.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   262905108.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   262480435.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2   261478056.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3   261746380.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 292236373440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 275621359043.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 271004462300.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 309054195970.559998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 2503321231440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 2517895805472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 2521945714896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 2488568755536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   3622857000319.679688                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   3611488772406.719727                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   3608319222601.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   3634337930962.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     78.767209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     78.520044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     78.451133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     79.016825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    432448480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    118688858                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       164203                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       173421                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    551474962                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    432448480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    432448480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     30065021                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15578                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        16424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     30097023                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    108112120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     37220915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       164203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       173421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total    145670659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     11297474                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7841                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8267                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total     11313582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3176041629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    871689395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1205960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1273660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4050210644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3176041629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3176041629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    220807247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       114410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       120623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total    221042280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3176041629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data   1092496642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1320370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1394283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4271252924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    431093564                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    118355070                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       174688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       169482                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    549792804                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    431093564                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    431093564                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     29987429                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        16080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15637                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     30019146                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    107773391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     37108767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       174688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       169482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total    145226328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     11263676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7873                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total     11279649                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3166090687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    869237948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1282965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1244731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4037856331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3166090687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3166090687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    220237386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       118097                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       114843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    220470326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3166090687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data   1089475334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1401062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1359574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4258326657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    434344448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    119120993                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       166884                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       165547                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    553797872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    434344448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    434344448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     30175803                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15859                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     30207446                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    108586112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     37372694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       166884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       165547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total    146291237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     11346984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total     11362901                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3189966232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    874863134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1225650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1215831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4067270847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3189966232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3189966232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    221620866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       116474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       115923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    221853262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3189966232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data   1096484000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1342124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1331754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4289124109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         3760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                15041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total           11281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks          16921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               16921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks          16921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         3760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total               31962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           21                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 136167924000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.686684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    80.821050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.00%     15.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.00%     30.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     70.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.440404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                     1596800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                2681600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     37.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 8009877882.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   85.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  124194381883                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF    11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        1622364                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                1421280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           1473897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           1395878.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           1374105.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 958800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1           994296.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2           941664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 926976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               5423808                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          5671411.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          5340441.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          5240601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         2475048.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         2448506.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         2352706.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         2305843.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       230050210181.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       230050500690.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       230050163341.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       230050028018.880035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       2557870497456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       2557870242624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       2557870538544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       2557870657248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         3580301835841.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         3580302180693.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         3580301581843.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         3580301382060.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.841986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.841994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.841981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.841976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    433758668                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    118957217                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       170523                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       162892                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    553049300                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    433758668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    433758668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     30142661                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15951                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15244                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     30173856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    108439667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     37321412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       170523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       162892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total    146094494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     11333444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::total     11349150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3185664074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    873660310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1252376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1196332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4061773092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3185664074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3185664074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    221377460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       117149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       111957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::total    221606566                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3185664074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data   1095037771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1369525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1308288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4283379658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        11281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                16921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total           15041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks           7521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total                7521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks           7521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        11281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total               24442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 136181531000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   236.307692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   215.928807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    62.020675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1      7.69%      7.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      7.69%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     84.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     2322000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                3542400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    32250.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               49200.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     38.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 10475502384.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   79.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  124194546084                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF    11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        1458163                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           1461801.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           1383177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           1414627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           1441843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0           986136.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                 933096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 954312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 972672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          5516659.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               5348928                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          5315481.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          5536627.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         2557992.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         2345656.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         2388787.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         2429015.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       230050333137.600006                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       230049099092.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       230050661129.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       230050285585.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       2557870389600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       2557871472096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       2557870101888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       2557870431312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         3580302094594.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         3580301431313.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         3580301685492.480469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         3580301946322.559570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.841992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.841977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.841983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.841988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1944628                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::total      1944628                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         3024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         3024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       486157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::total       486157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data          756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total          756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     14281978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::total       14281978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        22209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total         22209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     14304187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      14304187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs               486157                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                 756                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts             486157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts               756                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM        15549920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ             7104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten            13632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys          1944628                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          3024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            323                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0        58766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1        51359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2        93129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3        52865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4        48562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5        43621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6        51659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7        85974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap           11575073081500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2         486157                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2           756                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0           485935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       486323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.290203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-39       486286     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-71           36      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       486323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean 19884.791667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 18958.201324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6274.629731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.17%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.17%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.17%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      4.17%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      4.17%     20.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            2      8.33%     29.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            3     12.50%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      4.17%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      4.17%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      4.17%     54.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      4.17%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      4.17%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      4.17%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      4.17%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      4.17%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::26112-26623            2      8.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::27136-27647            1      4.17%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28160-28671            1      4.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32255            2      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.750000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.704337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.293798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16            7     29.17%     29.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18           11     45.83%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::19            4     16.67%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20            2      8.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat           10118740498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat      18355338748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat          1554992000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat              20823.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat         37773.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                114.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys              14.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               24.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits               38                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          8.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap            23772364.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  99328474070                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF  11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT  24867530177                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     10786757385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1     14238683020.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     10095316761.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     14885985945.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0       7276780776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1       9605460768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2       6810332736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3      10042133376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0      8685246336                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1     11534100864                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    8114793523.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3    12068833420.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   262375096.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   262619781.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   262043320.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   262075668.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 278132899737.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 293525359182.719971                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 275077857021.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 296432916724.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 2515692699600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 2502190542192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 2518372561632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 2499640053120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   3613207608198.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   3623727615075.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   3611103754261.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   3625702847522.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     78.557415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     78.786138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     78.511673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     78.829083                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    429809820                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    118075859                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       174411                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       174513                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    548234603                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    429809820                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    429809820                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     29908470                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        16151                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        16156                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     29940777                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    107452455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     37008053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       174411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       174513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total    144809432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     11228673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total     11244921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   3156662456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    867187332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1280931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1281680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4026412399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   3156662456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3156662456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    219657486                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       118618                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       118655                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total    219894759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   3156662456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data   1086844818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1399549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1400335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4246307157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                13161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total           11281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks          18801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               18801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks          18801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total               31962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           27                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 136160955000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.938152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    86.490401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.00%     15.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      5.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      5.00%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    11.537997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.237604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     1666200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                2615400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    29753.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               46703.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     30.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      48                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 8009467941.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   79.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  124193921964                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF    11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        2082283                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           1417046.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1468454.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           1305763.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1493251.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0           955944.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1           990624.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 880872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                1007352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          5284531.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          5537126.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          4996492.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          5588044.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         2548039.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         2518179.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         2226216.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         2558407.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       230049352719.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       230050607230.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       230048525790.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       230051322475.199982                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       2557871249616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       2557870149168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       2557871974992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       2557869521760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         3580301657163.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         3580302120049.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         3580300759394.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         3580302340558.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.841982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.841992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.841963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.841997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      2048796                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total      2048796                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         3668                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         3668                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       512199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total       512199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data          917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::total          917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     15047021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total       15047021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        26939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::total         26939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     15073960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total      15073960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs               512199                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                 917                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts             512199                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts               917                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM        16380640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ             9728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten            15648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys          2048796                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys          3668                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            436                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0        67196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1        62897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2        56370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3        45733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4        52484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5        69465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6        56268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7       101482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap           34480721047000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2         512199                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2           917                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0           511895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       512337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.331541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-39       512294     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-71           39      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-103            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       512337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean 18954.703704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 17703.141916                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6815.637985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            2      7.41%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      3.70%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2      7.41%     18.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      7.41%     25.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      3.70%     29.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      3.70%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            3     11.11%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            2      7.41%     51.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      3.70%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            2      7.41%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      3.70%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      3.70%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      3.70%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            2      7.41%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      3.70%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      3.70%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      3.70%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.111111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.085128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.974022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            3     11.11%     11.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.70%     14.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           14     51.85%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            8     29.63%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat           10682465394                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat      19359085644                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat          1638064000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat              20868.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         37818.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                120.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys              15.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               25.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits               47                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          9.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap            67198686.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  98008607909                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF  11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26187396338                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     11296286870.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     10267343049.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2      11761433712                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     17060176022.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0       7620510984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1       6926382216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2       7934300520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3      11508848904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    9105708518.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    8257067020.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    9490082035.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    13863955123.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   262584944.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   261981112.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   262066544.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   261664266.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 280389438938.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 275823571824                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 282491865060.480042                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 306111811063.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 2513713279248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 2517718425840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 2511869045808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 2491149794928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   3614758658771.519531                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   3611625620329.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   3616179642947.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   3632327099574.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     78.591137                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     78.523020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     78.622032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     78.973106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      2009740                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total      2009740                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         2900                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         2900                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       502435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total       502435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data          725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::total          725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     14760181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total       14760181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        21299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::total         21299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     14781480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total      14781480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs               502435                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                 725                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts             502435                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts               725                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM        16071712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ             6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten            13184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys          2009740                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys          2900                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            301                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0        51419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1        63865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2        57215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3        46310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4        53590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5        52693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6        66926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7       110223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap           28663970530500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2         502435                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2           725                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0           502241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15              13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       502624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.001846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.243061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-39       502595     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-71           29      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       502624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean 20686.913043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 19675.990650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6770.447171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2      8.70%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      4.35%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      4.35%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      8.70%     26.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      4.35%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            3     13.04%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            3     13.04%     56.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      4.35%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      4.35%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      4.35%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      4.35%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      4.35%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      4.35%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            2      8.70%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::35840-36863            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.913043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.847929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.564174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            7     30.43%     30.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      4.35%     34.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            7     30.43%     65.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            4     17.39%     82.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20            3     13.04%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21            1      4.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat           10466687063                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat      18979672013                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat          1607171200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat              20839.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         37789.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                118.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys              14.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits               29                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          6.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap            56967903.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  98524657710                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF  11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT  25671346537                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     11059408483.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1     10955119190.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     10580264755.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     19230316358.399998                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0       7460712072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1       7390358184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2       7137480192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3      12972832464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    8909820940.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    8824107801.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    8515375065.599999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    15655331827.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   262822579.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   262450990.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   261836789.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   261557268.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 279339980146.559998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 278892647375.039978                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 277236396806.399963                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 315787316921.279968                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 2514633857136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 2515026254304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 2516479105680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 2482662509088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   3614037450624.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   3613721787112.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   3612581308556.159668                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   3638940713194.559570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     78.575457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     78.568594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     78.543798                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     79.116897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    432639128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    118724215                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       166125                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       169846                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    551699314                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    432639128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    432639128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     30074822                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        16135                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     30106710                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    108159782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     37235086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       166125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       169846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total    145730839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     11302598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total     11318637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3177441810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    871949068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1220076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1247404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4051858358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3177441810                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3177441810                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    220879229                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       115688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       118501                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    221113424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3177441810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data   1092828297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1335764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1365905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4272971782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      2022276                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      2022276                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         3556                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         3556                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       505569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       505569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data          889                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total          889                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     14852250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       14852250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        26116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total         26116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     14878366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      14878366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               505569                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                 889                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             505569                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts               889                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM        16169024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ             9184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten            15648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          2022276                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          3556                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             287                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            413                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        70456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        54811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        50730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        64699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        75463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5        64507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        43145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7        81471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap           22902286197500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         505569                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2           889                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           505282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15              19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16              19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       505727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.298469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-39       505683     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-71           44      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       505727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean 18053.178571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 17199.910480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5640.310466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.57%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.57%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.57%     10.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.57%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      7.14%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.57%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.57%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      3.57%     32.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            2      7.14%     39.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.57%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            3     10.71%     53.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.57%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            2      7.14%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      3.57%     67.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      3.57%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      3.57%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      3.57%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      3.57%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      3.57%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25087            2      7.14%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28160-28671            1      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::31232-31743            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.464286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.431969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.070899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            9     32.14%     32.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           16     57.14%     89.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            3     10.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat           10502947672                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat      19067477572                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat          1616902400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat              20786.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         37736.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                118.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              14.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits               44                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          9.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap            45220504.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  98389986895                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF  11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  25806017352                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     11919974169.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     11739460723.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     13173815289.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     14392426809.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0       8041252416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1       7919477472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2       8887097616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3       9709176816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    9620520998.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1      9471453888                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    10656176793.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    11661515174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   262477532.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   262413250.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   261720253.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   262008898.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 283177040500.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 282387027997.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 288789814267.200012                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 294228828285.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 2511268014720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 2511961008144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 2506344528960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 2501573464032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   3616660129604.159668                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   3616111690742.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   3620484002447.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   3624198269282.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     78.632479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     78.620555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     78.715616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     78.796371                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    431519268                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    118431998                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       169914                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       172266                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    550293446                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    431519268                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    431519268                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     30013450                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     30044634                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    107879817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     37139948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       169914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       172266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total    145361945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     11276032                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7874                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total     11291721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   3169217195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    869802932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1247903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1265177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4041533208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   3169217195                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3169217195                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    220428493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       114043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       114983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total    220657518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   3169217195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data   1090231425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1361946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1380160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4262190726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total            768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                 5640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total            3760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks           5640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total                5640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks           5640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total               11281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                 768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 136006090000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples            7                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.504206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287            5     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total            7                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                      938296                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                1345096                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    39095.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               56045.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 22667681666.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   85.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  124194908053                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF    11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        1096194                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           1379548.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1505347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           1396483.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           1368662.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 930648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                1015512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 942072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3           923304.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          5339443.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               5695872                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          5280537.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          5165721.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         2425697.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         2548039.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              2322432                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         2315796.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       230048594136                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       230051619933.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       230050579322.880035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       230050003394.880035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       2557871915040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       2557869260832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       2557870173648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       2557870678848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         3580301433780.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         3580302494803.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         3580301543762.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         3580301304994.559570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.841977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.842000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.841980                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.841975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        13161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                15041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           15041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          11281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               11281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          11281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        13161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total               26322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 135990135000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.725821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.970563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     1596800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                2681600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     31.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 9713581071.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  124194537640                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF    11964047400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        1466607                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           1603929.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           1413417.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2                1617840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           1519257.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1082016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 953496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1091400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3           1024896.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          6099225.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          5431795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2               6082752                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          5780236.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         2793553.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         2421964.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         2730931.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         2561310.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       792370849267.199951                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       230051639960.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       230049712339.199982                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       230052451896                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       230051119135.680023                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       2557869243264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       2557870934160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       2557868531040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       2557869700128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         3580303311216.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         3580301716440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         3580303355126.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         3580302554232                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.842018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.841983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.842019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.842002                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             2708199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2708199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             127654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            127654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                53                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            924                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              98                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      5673610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      5673804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                5673804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      2988074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2988462                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2988462                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1354099500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2708974000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127654000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63827000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       874500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       511000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       462000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        49000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq          500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1219                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        33177                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1255                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         2290                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        29500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        84000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          2475                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        35467                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   2835706                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                         2472                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 29500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  2835706                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                       35465                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                83000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               29999                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime              84000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             1849                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              2050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2050    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                2050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               65000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  97                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1482612000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             2835907                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         2772850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            2835951                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            2708135                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           2708135                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq            127621                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp           127621                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               53                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              73                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            25                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             98                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       174129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       182864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       183186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       180112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       176108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       174976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       173758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       172718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1417940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       177886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       182316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       174742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       179956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       177546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       173392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       175492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       176526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1417941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       174228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       182778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       183160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       180126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       176086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       175046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       173734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       172698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1417939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       177777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       182386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       174650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       180092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       177724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       173282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       175638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       176300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1417941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               5671761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        90838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        95455                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        95421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        93845                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        91795                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        91565                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        90785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        90205                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total       746053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        93032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        95256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        91376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        94067                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        92844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        90623                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        91682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        92157                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total       747181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        91122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        95421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        95510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        94014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        92189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        91477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        90710                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        90330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total       747685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        92867                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        95099                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        91057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        93961                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        92798                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        90409                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        91878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        91918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total       747155                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                2988074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3249219800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   6666931213                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    272322400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    175068000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       498200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       102200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        35000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       137102                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         2761                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          223                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       695200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        55800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                         2984                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  2835706                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                        2984                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime               751000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 2835706                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             751000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy              85800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 27                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             112600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 29                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              54400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              77000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy             141600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 44                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              76400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 26                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy              32400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                  6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             125200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          437336200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             352010                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          453318600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             365172                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         444007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded            357869                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         446987600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded            360143                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         439419600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            353732                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy         432851200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded            348348                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         433984000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            349311                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy         433568000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded            349121                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1710979673                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            708964                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1710065924                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            708964                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1710714878                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            708962                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1710375840                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            708964                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       6                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide     0.750000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.750000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      2708135                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      2708135                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq       127621                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp       127621                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           53                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           73                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           25                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           98                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1417940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1417941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1417939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1417941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      5671761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       746053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       747181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       747685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       747155                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      2988074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2166508000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2437476500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    114858900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102096800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       212000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        58400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        78400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         2637                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          172                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      1162300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        76100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  2809                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            2835706                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           2835706                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                 2809                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime       1238400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      1238400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    570376200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       708976                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    570453200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       708977                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    570411200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       708977                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    570416700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       708977                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   2539651700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      2835854                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2716516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2716516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            127654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           127654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1651                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1034                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              138                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             138                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2840321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2841108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5690029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       398848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1965872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       363264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1919577                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        47385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4907370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1358367281                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2898936430                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127657992                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63828497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     53658997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       517000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       466000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        59000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        72493                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2665000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         2183                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          160                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1245                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           16                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           29                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     17010500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      2569496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      1121000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       364500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       313500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       688500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        51000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       280000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        36500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                         3501                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         167                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  2835706                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                        2843                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime              7355000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 2835706                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           19778000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           2656996                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4170                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            12122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 12122    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              12122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1540740263                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2847925                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          50636996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              1558                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1455631477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded           1420738                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy              8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded               120                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          46120993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1419                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        1454504965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded           1421193                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy              8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy            121499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded               121                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         11408498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              351                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy          4071999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded              141                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         12285998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              378                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          6263500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              235                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access             108159782                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access              49034014                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            496329                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles               272319152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts          102417368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps            102417528                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     83586377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                160                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12446160                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts            83586377                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads    149329912                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes     59836704                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    420444327                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     65696170                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs             49034013                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts           37730580                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts          11303433                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles         272319152                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                 18831311                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         53383515     52.12%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead        37730580     36.84%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       11303433     11.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total         102417528                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       495494                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       495494    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       495494                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          835                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          835    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          835                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 14554182.886522                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 19238071.651241                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         7534     55.34%     55.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          354      2.60%     57.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          345      2.53%     60.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          377      2.77%     63.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          473      3.47%     66.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          455      3.34%     70.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          533      3.91%     73.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          685      5.03%     79.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          891      6.54%     85.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          585      4.30%     89.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          338      2.48%     92.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          176      1.29%     93.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          163      1.20%     94.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          151      1.11%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          205      1.51%     97.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          265      1.95%     99.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           85      0.62%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 14556273.348546      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes           1981976                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 24531.766434                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 239086.207534                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287        13447     98.77%     98.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           50      0.37%     99.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           20      0.15%     99.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           53      0.39%     99.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           23      0.17%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            8      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            5      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 24530.041224      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3340                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       495494                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45539.343564                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43245.512822                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20040.710644                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          247      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       465486     93.94%     93.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           93      0.02%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          107      0.02%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          109      0.02%     94.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6551      1.32%     95.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        22894      4.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       495494                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          835                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          835    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          835                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       495494                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   81073491.385365                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  56875365694.726608                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          165      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       244395     49.32%     49.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       106499     21.49%     70.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        17410      3.51%     74.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          189      0.04%     74.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        91758     18.52%     92.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          125      0.03%     92.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          175      0.04%     92.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          136      0.03%     93.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           91      0.02%     93.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           50      0.01%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           34      0.01%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34464      6.96%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value 40035329234500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total        495494                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          835                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 48107819205.988022                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 1385511719544.283203                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          246     29.46%     29.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     29.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     29.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          165     19.76%     49.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     49.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     49.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     49.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     49.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     49.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     49.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          152     18.20%     67.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     67.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     67.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     67.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     67.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     67.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     67.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     67.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          272     32.57%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 40036413366500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          835                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        496329                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     80937097.249002                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    56827503368.889549                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          495      0.10%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          335      0.07%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          317      0.06%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       244395     49.24%     49.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       106499     21.46%     70.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        17484      3.52%     74.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           33      0.01%     74.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        91758     18.49%     92.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          125      0.03%     92.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          101      0.02%     92.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          143      0.03%     93.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           97      0.02%     93.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           50      0.01%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           34      0.01%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34463      6.94%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 40035329234500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total          496329                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.161733                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.368220                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        11413     83.83%     83.83% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2202     16.17%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        13615    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean    36.385384                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    48.095613                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         7720     56.70%     56.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          521      3.83%     60.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          623      4.58%     65.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          716      5.26%     70.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          888      6.52%     76.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95         1215      8.92%     85.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          777      5.71%     91.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          319      2.34%     93.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          231      1.70%     95.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          310      2.28%     97.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          295      2.17%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.061329                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.597716                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0          13361     98.13%     98.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1             86      0.63%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2             50      0.37%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             20      0.15%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4             47      0.35%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              6      0.04%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6             23      0.17%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              2      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              7      0.05%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             5      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             3      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq    146226333                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp    146226334                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     11319472                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     11319472                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave       992658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     97075368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     98068026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    216319565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total    216319565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       704020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       704020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total     315091611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      1985316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    148799037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total    150784353                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    432639132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total    432639132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       367859                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       367859                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total      583791344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  73113166500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 155499131800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  11319472000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7824186400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     57231214                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     99348940                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       211883                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       492602                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5708148500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49416233500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6051000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     98520400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq             57443097                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp            99841542                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           352010                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail               35041                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18031000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          352010                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail                233                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        47100                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   5714199500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  49514753900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    248582000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       496329                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  84184056500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         61.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded    157049476                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  52385999500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         38.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     49034013                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 110527311400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         81.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    108159783                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    410007300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       352010                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access             107452455                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access              48749843                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            513116                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles               272319152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts          101752702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps            101752888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     83065657                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                186                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12354959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts            83065657                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads    148441827                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes     59481015                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    417819423                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     65246260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs             48749842                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts           37520252                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts          11229590                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles         272319152                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                 18687417                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         53003046     52.09%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead        37520252     36.87%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       11229590     11.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total         101752888                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       512199                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       512199    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       512199                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          917                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          917    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          917                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 15048079.324275                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 19469916.387507                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         7339     53.90%     53.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          370      2.72%     56.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          381      2.80%     59.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          400      2.94%     62.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          462      3.39%     65.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          476      3.50%     69.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          571      4.19%     73.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          686      5.04%     78.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          823      6.04%     84.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          620      4.55%     89.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          387      2.84%     91.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          215      1.58%     93.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          157      1.15%     94.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          146      1.07%     95.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          189      1.39%     97.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          272      2.00%     99.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          121      0.89%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 15047021.059492      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes           2048796                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 26940.874036                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 265087.982684                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287        13451     98.80%     98.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           34      0.25%     99.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           16      0.12%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           55      0.40%     99.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           30      0.22%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           13      0.10%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            5      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            3      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 26938.979404      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3668                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       512199                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45521.429171                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43216.723626                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20079.885129                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          304      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       481189     93.95%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           96      0.02%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          102      0.02%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          108      0.02%     94.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6384      1.25%     95.31% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        24015      4.69%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       512199                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          917                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          917    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          917                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       512199                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   67318993.295575                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  47988840040.443535                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          213      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       255041     49.79%     49.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       107053     20.90%     70.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        20479      4.00%     74.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          170      0.03%     74.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        93212     18.20%     92.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          101      0.02%     92.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          176      0.03%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          123      0.02%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           86      0.02%     93.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           55      0.01%     93.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           27      0.01%     93.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        35463      6.92%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        40500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value 34344691371500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total        512199                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          917                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 37601436983.642311                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 1134166519428.403809                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          308     33.59%     33.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     33.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     33.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          213     23.23%     56.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     56.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     56.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     56.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     56.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     56.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     56.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          132     14.39%     71.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     71.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     71.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     71.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     71.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     71.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            1      0.11%     71.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     71.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          263     28.68%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 34344985646000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          917                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        513116                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     67198686.158685                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    47945939951.448463                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          616      0.12%      0.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          358      0.07%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          280      0.05%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       255042     49.70%     49.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       107053     20.86%     70.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        20559      4.01%     74.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           34      0.01%     74.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        93212     18.17%     92.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          100      0.02%     93.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           96      0.02%     93.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          132      0.03%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           88      0.02%     93.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           55      0.01%     93.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           27      0.01%     93.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        35463      6.91%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 34344691371500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total          513116                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.175982                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.380819                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        11219     82.40%     82.40% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2396     17.60%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        13615    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean    37.620198                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    48.671740                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         7522     55.25%     55.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          568      4.17%     59.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          632      4.64%     64.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          756      5.55%     69.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          903      6.63%     76.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-95         1187      8.72%     84.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          813      5.97%     90.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          373      2.74%     93.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          230      1.69%     95.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          282      2.07%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          349      2.56%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.067352                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.662720                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0          13369     98.19%     98.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1             82      0.60%     98.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2             34      0.25%     99.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3             16      0.12%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4             51      0.37%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.03%     99.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6             30      0.22%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8             10      0.07%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              3      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             4      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             5      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             3      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq    145321631                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp    145321632                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     11245838                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     11245838                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      1026232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     96473452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     97499684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    214904911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total    214904911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       730344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       730344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total     313134939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      2052464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    147984329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total    150036793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    429809824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total    429809824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       381231                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       381231                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total      580227848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  72660815500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 154541153200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  11245838000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7769342000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     56872625                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     98693336                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       219951                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       509051                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5672716000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49073167400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6176500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    101810700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq             57092576                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp            99202387                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           365172                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail               36030                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18564500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          365172                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                281                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        56700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   5678892500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  49174978100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    257016500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       513116                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  83649637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         61.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded    156054353                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  52076199800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         38.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     48749842                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 109808718200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         80.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    107452456                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    425577200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       365172                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access             107879817                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access              48919140                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            503160                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles               272319150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts          102147020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps            102147156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     83372548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                136                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12409861                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts            83372548                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads    148966851                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes     59685862                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    419368617                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     65513007                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs             48919140                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts           37642383                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts          11276757                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles         272319150                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                 18774744                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         53228016     52.11%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead        37642383     36.85%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       11276757     11.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total         102147156                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       502435                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       502435    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       502435                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          725                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          725    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          725                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 14761219.243481                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 19513674.682518                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         7512     55.17%     55.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          357      2.62%     57.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          373      2.74%     60.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          350      2.57%     63.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          440      3.23%     66.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          472      3.47%     69.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          562      4.13%     73.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          610      4.48%     78.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          808      5.93%     84.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          613      4.50%     88.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          390      2.86%     91.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          234      1.72%     93.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          167      1.23%     94.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          140      1.03%     95.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          205      1.51%     97.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          287      2.11%     99.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           95      0.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 14760181.152298      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes           2009740                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 21300.036724                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 211339.858343                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287        13463     98.88%     98.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           44      0.32%     99.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           22      0.16%     99.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           48      0.35%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           18      0.13%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           10      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            5      0.04%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 21298.538787      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2900                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       502435                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45501.764407                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43218.865011                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20020.107072                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          194      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       472197     93.98%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535          102      0.02%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           89      0.02%     94.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          111      0.02%     94.08% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6503      1.29%     95.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        23233      4.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       502435                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          725                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          725    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          725                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       502435                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   57050107.039717                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  40246622776.076195                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            4      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          127      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       251833     50.12%     50.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       111364     22.16%     72.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        13785      2.74%     75.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          176      0.04%     75.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        89953     17.90%     93.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          128      0.03%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          159      0.03%     93.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          109      0.02%     93.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           67      0.01%     93.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           48      0.01%     93.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           30      0.01%     93.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34652      6.90%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value 28527872733500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total        502435                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          725                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 39533225404.827583                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 1059517572530.893188                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          203     28.00%     28.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          127     17.52%     45.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     45.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     45.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     45.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     45.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     45.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     45.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          145     20.00%     65.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          250     34.48%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 28528565059000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          725                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        503160                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     56967903.908300                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    40217616774.574554                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          410      0.08%      0.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          290      0.06%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          283      0.06%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       251838     50.05%     50.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       111364     22.13%     72.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        13844      2.75%     75.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           30      0.01%     75.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        89953     17.88%     93.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          123      0.02%     93.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          102      0.02%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          111      0.02%     93.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           74      0.01%     93.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           48      0.01%     93.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34658      6.89%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 28527872733500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total          503160                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.168784                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.374575                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        11317     83.12%     83.12% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2298     16.88%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000073                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.008570                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        13614     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean    36.903048                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    48.793306                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         7695     56.52%     56.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          552      4.05%     60.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          585      4.30%     64.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          716      5.26%     70.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          870      6.39%     76.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-95         1118      8.21%     84.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          843      6.19%     90.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          375      2.75%     93.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          237      1.74%     95.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          275      2.02%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          349      2.56%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.053250                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.528350                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0          13387     98.33%     98.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1             76      0.56%     98.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2             44      0.32%     99.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3             22      0.16%     99.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4             45      0.33%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              3      0.02%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6             18      0.13%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              9      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             5      0.04%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq    145864380                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp    145864380                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     11292446                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     11292446                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      1006320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     96831960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     97838280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port    215759634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total    215759634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       715738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       715738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total     314313652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      2012640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port    148445448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total    150458088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port    431519268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total    431519268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       373364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       373364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total      582350720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  72932190000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 155115650200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  11292446000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7803968000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     57086444                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     99087913                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       216253                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       499453                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5695121500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49281320500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5931500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     99890600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq             57302697                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp            99587366                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           357869                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail               35168                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18055500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          357869                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                381                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        77200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   5701053000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  49381211100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    251942500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       503160                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  83972693500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         61.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded    156653666                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  52258974100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         38.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     48919140                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 110243367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         81.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    107879817                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    417277100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       357869                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access             107773391                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access              48878901                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            506458                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles               272319151                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts          102050394                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps            102050588                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     83298678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12395784                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            83298678                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads    148841791                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes     59638233                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    418994772                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     65446525                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs             48878901                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts           37614336                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts          11264565                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles         272319151                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                 18752104                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         53171687     52.10%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead        37614336     36.86%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       11264565     11.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total         102050588                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       505569                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       505569    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       505569                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          889                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          889    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          889                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 14853294.160852                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 19457014.752423                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         7435     54.61%     54.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          364      2.67%     57.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          381      2.80%     60.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          386      2.84%     62.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          454      3.33%     66.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          455      3.34%     69.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          572      4.20%     73.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          637      4.68%     78.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          813      5.97%     84.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          598      4.39%     88.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          421      3.09%     91.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          234      1.72%     93.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          182      1.34%     94.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          112      0.82%     95.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          169      1.24%     97.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          263      1.93%     98.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          139      1.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 14852249.594447      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           2022276                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 26118.251928                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 240193.648556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287        13440     98.71%     98.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           38      0.28%     98.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           19      0.14%     99.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           57      0.42%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           35      0.26%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            3      0.02%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           13      0.10%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            5      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 26116.415147      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3556                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       505569                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45443.726771                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43145.546003                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20049.223401                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          287      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       475007     93.95%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           93      0.02%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           95      0.02%     94.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          107      0.02%     94.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6604      1.31%     95.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        23368      4.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       505569                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          889                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          889    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          889                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       505569                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   45300020.763734                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  32018461093.239830                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            5      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          187      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       257443     50.92%     50.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       107971     21.36%     72.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        13044      2.58%     74.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          175      0.03%     74.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        91179     18.03%     92.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          114      0.02%     92.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          178      0.04%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          115      0.02%     93.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          103      0.02%     93.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           38      0.01%     93.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34983      6.92%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value 22766206760000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        505569                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          889                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 25761456767.716534                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 763575140885.133057                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          286     32.17%     32.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     32.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     32.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          187     21.03%     53.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     53.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     53.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     53.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          154     17.32%     70.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     70.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     70.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     70.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     70.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     70.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     70.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     70.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          262     29.47%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 22766984487000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          889                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        506458                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     45220504.360677                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    31990347297.706753                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          577      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          355      0.07%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            1      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          294      0.06%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       257443     50.83%     51.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       107971     21.32%     72.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        13130      2.59%     74.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           24      0.00%     74.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        91179     18.00%     92.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          114      0.02%     93.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           92      0.02%     93.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          116      0.02%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          113      0.02%     93.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           38      0.01%     93.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34979      6.91%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 22766206760000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          506458                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.170914                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.376448                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        11288     82.91%     82.91% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2327     17.09%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        13615    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean    37.133235                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    48.637624                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         7618     55.95%     55.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          576      4.23%     60.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          612      4.50%     64.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          724      5.32%     70.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          869      6.38%     76.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-95         1150      8.45%     84.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          854      6.27%     91.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          379      2.78%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          231      1.70%     95.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          250      1.84%     97.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          352      2.59%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.065296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.600484                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0          13367     98.18%     98.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1             73      0.54%     98.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2             38      0.28%     98.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3             19      0.14%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4             54      0.40%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              3      0.02%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6             35      0.26%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              3      0.02%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8             12      0.09%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             5      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq    145731897                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp    145731897                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     11280538                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     11280538                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1012916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     96744886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     97757802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    215546782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    215546782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       720286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       720286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total     314024870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      2025832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    148342499                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total    150368331                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    431093564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    431093564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       375887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       375887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total      581837782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  72865948500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 154975542800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  11280538000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7794966000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     57034131                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     98989944                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       217440                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       502494                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5689510000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49228580600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6014000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    100498800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq             57251571                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            99492438                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           360143                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail               35852                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18394000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          360143                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                446                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        93700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   5695524000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  49329079400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    253673500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       506458                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  83892813000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         61.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded    156505977                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  52215560300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         38.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     48878901                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 110135217000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         80.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    107773391                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    419731500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       360143                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access             108112119                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access              49016873                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            498484                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles               272319150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts          102373169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps            102373337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     83552989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                168                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12439530                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            83552989                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads    149275210                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes     59815055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    420275673                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     65665023                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs             49016873                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts           37718554                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts          11298319                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles         272319150                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                 18820516                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         53356464     52.12%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead        37718554     36.84%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       11298319     11.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total         102373337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       497639                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       497639    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       497639                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          845                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          845    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          845                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 14617289.753948                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 19165034.856204                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         7465     54.83%     54.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          354      2.60%     57.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          385      2.83%     60.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          386      2.84%     63.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          452      3.32%     66.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          480      3.53%     69.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          577      4.24%     74.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          650      4.77%     78.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          930      6.83%     85.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          565      4.15%     89.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          352      2.59%     92.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          167      1.23%     93.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          167      1.23%     94.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          142      1.04%     96.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          194      1.42%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          262      1.92%     99.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           87      0.64%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 14619287.646061      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes           1990556                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 24825.560044                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 232222.949373                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287        13449     98.78%     98.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           28      0.21%     98.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           25      0.18%     99.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           61      0.45%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           25      0.18%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            3      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           14      0.10%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            7      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 24823.814172      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3380                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       497639                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45445.715669                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43152.117774                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20040.322130                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          247      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       467568     93.96%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           80      0.02%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           77      0.02%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          105      0.02%     94.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6621      1.33%     95.39% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        22936      4.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       497639                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          845                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          845    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          845                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       497639                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   34622819.759906                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24231264338.203976                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          163      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       252564     50.75%     50.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       102830     20.66%     71.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        14760      2.97%     74.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          204      0.04%     74.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        91995     18.49%     92.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          103      0.02%     92.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          172      0.03%     93.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          108      0.02%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           83      0.02%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           43      0.01%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           29      0.01%     93.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34583      6.95%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        13000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value 17093589994500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        497639                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          845                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 20389865904.142014                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 588044129345.800171                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          249     29.47%     29.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     29.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     29.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          163     19.29%     48.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     48.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     48.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     48.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     48.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     48.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     48.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          173     20.47%     69.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     69.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     69.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     69.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     69.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     69.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     69.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     69.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          260     30.77%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 17093943057000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          845                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        498484                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     34564129.244870                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24210717939.263676                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          500      0.10%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          357      0.07%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          317      0.06%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       252564     50.67%     50.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       102830     20.63%     71.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        14840      2.98%     74.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           24      0.00%     74.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        91995     18.45%     92.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          103      0.02%     92.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           92      0.02%     93.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          112      0.02%     93.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           87      0.02%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           43      0.01%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           29      0.01%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34591      6.94%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 17093589994500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          498484                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.165039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.371229                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        11368     83.50%     83.50% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2247     16.50%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        13615    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean    36.543151                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    47.903714                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         7635     56.08%     56.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          574      4.22%     60.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          614      4.51%     64.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          736      5.41%     70.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          904      6.64%     76.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::80-95         1255      9.22%     86.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          759      5.57%     91.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          322      2.37%     94.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          235      1.73%     95.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          278      2.04%     97.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          303      2.23%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.062064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.580557                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0          13380     98.27%     98.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1             69      0.51%     98.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2             28      0.21%     98.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3             25      0.18%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4             53      0.39%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              8      0.06%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6             25      0.18%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              3      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8             14      0.10%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             7      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq    146168298                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp    146168297                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     11314427                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     11314427                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       996968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     97036778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     98033746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port    216224239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total    216224239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       707464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       707464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total     314965449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave      1993936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port    148753879                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total    150747815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port    432448476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total    432448476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       369626                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       369626                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total      583565917                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  73084149000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 155437976200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  11314427000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7820220100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     57208803                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     99304676                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       212930                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       494752                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5706451000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49391876300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5985500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     98950900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq             57421733                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            99799428                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           353732                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail               35901                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18418500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          353732                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                437                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        89400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   5712436500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  49490827200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    249664500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       498484                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  84148911500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         61.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded    156984241                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  52367043900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         38.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     49016873                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 110479091800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         81.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    108112119                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    412060600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       353732                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access             108586112                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access              49206591                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            486913                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles               272319151                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts          102818499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps            102818655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     83901359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                156                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12500849                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            83901359                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads    149868516                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes     60052692                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    422032518                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     65966643                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs             49206591                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts           37858851                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts          11347740                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles         272319151                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                 18917452                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         53612064     52.14%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead        37858851     36.82%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       11347740     11.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total         102818655                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       486157                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       486157    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       486157                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          756                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          756    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          756                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 14282982.005141                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 19112970.511167                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         7601     55.83%     55.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          329      2.42%     58.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          428      3.14%     61.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          366      2.69%     64.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          454      3.33%     67.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          436      3.20%     70.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          579      4.25%     74.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          652      4.79%     79.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          853      6.27%     85.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          561      4.12%     90.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          316      2.32%     92.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          173      1.27%     93.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          181      1.33%     94.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          134      0.98%     95.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          219      1.61%     97.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          259      1.90%     99.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           74      0.54%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 14281977.546265      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes           1944628                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 22210.796915                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 209822.596234                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287        13459     98.85%     98.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           34      0.25%     99.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           25      0.18%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           57      0.42%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           26      0.19%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            5      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 22209.234928      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3024                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       486157                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45483.334602                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43190.816805                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20047.113112                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          222      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959       247743     50.96%     51.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151       209006     42.99%     94.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343           42      0.01%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535           54      0.01%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727           54      0.01%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919           48      0.01%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111           49      0.01%     94.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           65      0.01%     94.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495           59      0.01%     94.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687         6264      1.29%     95.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879          925      0.19%     95.55% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071        21622      4.45%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       486157                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          756                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          756    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          756                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       486157                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   23809331.309639                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  16405857360.050869                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            7      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          138      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       243228     50.03%     50.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       101215     20.82%     70.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        15619      3.21%     74.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          176      0.04%     74.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        91306     18.78%     92.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          107      0.02%     92.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          170      0.03%     92.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          122      0.03%     92.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           90      0.02%     93.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           38      0.01%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           38      0.01%     93.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        33903      6.97%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value 11438977471000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total        486157                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          756                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 15310654687.830688                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 416032317946.742798                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          217     28.70%     28.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          138     18.25%     46.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     46.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     46.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     46.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     46.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     46.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     46.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          143     18.92%     65.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          258     34.13%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 11439171784000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          756                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        486913                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     23772364.018829                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    16393116228.071974                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          441      0.09%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          298      0.06%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          298      0.06%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       243228     49.95%     50.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       101215     20.79%     70.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        15692      3.22%     74.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           31      0.01%     74.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        91306     18.75%     92.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          107      0.02%     92.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           97      0.02%     92.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          128      0.03%     93.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           93      0.02%     93.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           38      0.01%     93.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           38      0.01%     93.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        33903      6.96%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 11438977471000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          486913                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.162688                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.369095                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        11400     83.73%     83.73% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2215     16.27%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        13615    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean    35.707455                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    47.776455                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         7749     56.92%     56.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          610      4.48%     61.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          605      4.44%     65.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          702      5.16%     71.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          899      6.60%     77.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::80-95         1175      8.63%     86.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          759      5.57%     91.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          293      2.15%     93.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          222      1.63%     95.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          316      2.32%     97.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          285      2.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.055527                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.524556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0          13373     98.22%     98.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1             86      0.63%     98.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2             34      0.25%     99.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3             25      0.18%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4             53      0.39%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.03%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6             26      0.19%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              5      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             4      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq    146777394                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp    146777394                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     11363657                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     11363657                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       973826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     97439356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     98413182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    217172224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total    217172224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       696696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       696696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total     316282102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1947652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    149296796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total    151244448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    434344448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total    434344448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       364074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       364074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total      585952970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  73388697000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 156083224800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  11363657000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7857016700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     57447611                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     99744321                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       207713                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       483292                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5730126000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49622168200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5907000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     96658400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq             57655324                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp           100227613                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           348348                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail               35232                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18100000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          348348                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                131                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        26200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   5736033000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  49718826600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    243834500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       486913                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  84508519500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         62.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded    157654138                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  52573982800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         38.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     49206591                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 110960511800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         81.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    108586112                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    405746900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       348348                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access             108388451                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access              49126930                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            491588                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles               272319152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts          102631581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps            102631725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     83754745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                144                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12475307                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            83754745                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads    149618907                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes     59951893                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    421293546                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     65839814                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs             49126929                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts           37799456                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts          11327473                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles         272319152                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                 18877124                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         53504796     52.13%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead        37799456     36.83%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       11327473     11.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total         102631725                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       490930                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       490930    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       490930                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          658                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          658    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          658                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 14423209.695189                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 19076817.075661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         7557     55.50%     55.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          326      2.39%     57.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          387      2.84%     60.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          363      2.67%     63.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          460      3.38%     66.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          453      3.33%     70.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          564      4.14%     74.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          660      4.85%     79.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          906      6.65%     85.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          593      4.36%     90.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          352      2.59%     92.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          191      1.40%     94.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          157      1.15%     95.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          134      0.98%     96.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          170      1.25%     97.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          260      1.91%     99.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           82      0.60%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 14422195.374720      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes           1963720                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 19331.619537                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 193266.995276                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287        13485     99.05%     99.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           30      0.22%     99.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06            9      0.07%     99.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           55      0.40%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           23      0.17%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            8      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 19330.260030      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2632                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       490930                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45469.478337                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43177.334662                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20059.547733                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          197      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959       252538     51.44%     51.48% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151       208740     42.52%     94.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343           41      0.01%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535           54      0.01%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727           46      0.01%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919           47      0.01%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111           61      0.01%     94.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           50      0.01%     94.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495           60      0.01%     94.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687         6239      1.27%     95.34% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879          884      0.18%     95.52% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071        21973      4.48%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       490930                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          658                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          658    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          658                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       490930                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   12029121.017253                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  8234306604.291430                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          125      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       248003     50.52%     50.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       102379     20.85%     71.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        14413      2.94%     74.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          130      0.03%     74.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        91214     18.58%     92.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           96      0.02%     92.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          143      0.03%     92.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          121      0.02%     93.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           92      0.02%     93.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           39      0.01%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           30      0.01%     93.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34144      6.95%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value 5769481788500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total        490930                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          658                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 8973612497.720366                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 224937701468.473816                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          198     30.09%     30.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          125     19.00%     49.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     49.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     49.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     49.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     49.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     49.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     49.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          112     17.02%     66.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     66.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     66.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     66.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     66.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     66.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     66.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     66.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          223     33.89%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 5770184297000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          658                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        491588                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     12013019.807237                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    8228793870.506522                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          397      0.08%      0.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          241      0.05%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          247      0.05%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       248003     50.45%     50.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       102379     20.83%     71.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        14474      2.94%     74.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           20      0.00%     74.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        91214     18.55%     92.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           96      0.02%     92.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           82      0.02%     93.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          127      0.03%     93.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           95      0.02%     93.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           39      0.01%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           31      0.01%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34143      6.95%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 5769481788500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          491588                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.161146                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.367679                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        11421     83.89%     83.89% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2194     16.11%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        13615    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean    36.058024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    47.695223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         7713     56.65%     56.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          556      4.08%     60.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          613      4.50%     65.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          715      5.25%     70.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          854      6.27%     76.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::80-95         1261      9.26%     86.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          807      5.93%     91.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          327      2.40%     94.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          224      1.65%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          246      1.81%     97.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          299      2.20%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.048329                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.483167                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0          13399     98.41%     98.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1             86      0.63%     99.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2             30      0.22%     99.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              9      0.07%     99.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4             48      0.35%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              7      0.05%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6             23      0.17%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              8      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq    146521277                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp    146521278                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     11343414                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     11343414                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       983176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     97270682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     98253858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port    216776903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total    216776903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       698622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       698622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total     315729383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave      1966352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port    149065084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total    151031436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port    433553808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total    433553808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       365055                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       365055                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total      584950299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  73260638500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 155811621400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  11343414000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7841870800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     57346905                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     99561012                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       210167                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       488099                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5719900500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49526480900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6031000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     97620300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq             57557072                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp           100049111                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           349311                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail               34818                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     17822000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          349311                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                329                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        66800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   5725931500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  49624101200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    246123000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       491588                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  84357929500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         62.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded    157373103                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  52486892100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         38.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     49126929                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 110759754400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         81.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    108388452                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    406845700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       349311                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access             108439666                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access              49144705                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            489849                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles               272319150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts          102675631                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps            102675835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     83787320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12482046                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts            83787320                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads    149673191                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes     59970881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    421458747                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     65870226                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs             49144705                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts           37810414                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts          11334291                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles         272319150                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                 18888719                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         53531130     52.14%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead        37810414     36.83%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       11334291     11.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total         102675835                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       489002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       489002    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       489002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          847                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          847    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          847                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 14366566.287183                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 19240590.779697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         7592     55.76%     55.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          374      2.75%     58.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          377      2.77%     61.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          362      2.66%     63.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          444      3.26%     67.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          449      3.30%     70.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          564      4.14%     74.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          636      4.67%     79.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          850      6.24%     85.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          609      4.47%     90.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          331      2.43%     92.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          165      1.21%     93.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          161      1.18%     94.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          137      1.01%     95.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          195      1.43%     97.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          268      1.97%     99.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          101      0.74%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 14365555.950195      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes           1956008                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 24884.318766                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 229108.618309                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-262143        13368     98.19%     98.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-524287           75      0.55%     98.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-786431            0      0.00%     98.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-1.04858e+06           35      0.26%     98.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.31072e+06           27      0.20%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.31072e+06-1.57286e+06            0      0.00%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-1.83501e+06           57      0.42%     99.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.83501e+06-2.09715e+06            3      0.02%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.3593e+06            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.3593e+06-2.62144e+06           28      0.21%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-2.88358e+06            1      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.88358e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.40787e+06            9      0.07%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.40787e+06-3.67002e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-3.93216e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.93216e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.45645e+06            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.45645e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-4.98074e+06            5      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.98074e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 24882.568762      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3388                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       489002                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45534.183909                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43232.999633                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20059.555842                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          289      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       459416     93.95%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           89      0.02%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           77      0.02%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          103      0.02%     94.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6194      1.27%     95.33% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        22831      4.67%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       489002                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          847                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          847    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          847                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       489002                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   307559.937383                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  20855445.094267                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            7      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          181      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       241963     49.48%     49.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       105349     21.54%     71.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        17190      3.52%     74.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          149      0.03%     74.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        89654     18.33%     92.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          103      0.02%     92.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          170      0.03%     93.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          108      0.02%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          106      0.02%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           40      0.01%     93.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           27      0.01%     93.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        33955      6.94%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14398828000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total        489002                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          847                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 176410400.236127                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 701070959.919865                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          284     33.53%     33.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     33.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     33.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          181     21.37%     54.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     54.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     54.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     54.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     54.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     54.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     54.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          120     14.17%     69.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     69.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     69.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     69.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     69.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     69.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     69.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     69.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          262     30.93%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  17389728500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          847                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        489849                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     307028.134180                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    20837397.954650                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          575      0.12%      0.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          314      0.06%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          260      0.05%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       241963     49.40%     49.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       105349     21.51%     71.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        17281      3.53%     74.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           25      0.01%     74.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        89654     18.30%     92.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          103      0.02%     92.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           79      0.02%     93.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          110      0.02%     93.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          112      0.02%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           40      0.01%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           27      0.01%     93.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        33957      6.93%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14398828000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total          489849                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.158942                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.365636                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        11451     84.11%     84.11% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2164     15.89%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        13615    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean    35.916416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    48.099731                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         7787     57.19%     57.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          557      4.09%     61.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          601      4.41%     65.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          706      5.19%     70.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          873      6.41%     77.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::80-95         1163      8.54%     85.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          802      5.89%     91.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          297      2.18%     93.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          230      1.69%     95.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          262      1.92%     97.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          337      2.48%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.062211                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.572772                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0          13368     98.19%     98.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1             75      0.55%     98.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2             35      0.26%     98.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3             27      0.20%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4             57      0.42%     99.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              3      0.02%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6             28      0.21%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              9      0.07%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             6      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             5      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total        13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq    146583496                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp    146583495                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     11349997                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     11349997                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave       979698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     97309712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     98289410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port    216879333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total    216879333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       698242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       698242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total     315866985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      1959396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port    149099878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total    151059274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port    433758664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total    433758664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       364610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       364610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total      585182548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  73291748000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 155877357200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  11349997000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7846879900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     57370379                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     99607761                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       209631                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       486098                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5722984500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49552712600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5915500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     97219600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq             57580010                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp           100093859                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           349121                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail               34765                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     17863500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          349121                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                195                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        41000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   5728900000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  49649932200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    245348000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       489849                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  84396397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         62.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded    157443644                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  52505459300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         38.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     49144705                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 110811937600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         81.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    108439666                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    406840200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       349121                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       101                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8127.738342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        2522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     24.970297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4029.279606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   838.503000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   551.114937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   194.220985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   223.526950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   489.775263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   608.151773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.itb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           24                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    17.998590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    60.309509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data           13                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.itb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           46                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    84.998595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           31                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data           26                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   529.996607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   341.862526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.491855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.102356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.067275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.023709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.027286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.059787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.074237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.002197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.007362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.001587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.010376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.003784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.003174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.064697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.041731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002197                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989990                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     63856                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    63856                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          1079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         1079                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          965                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6131                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           45                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 71                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    52                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      3738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       978500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         6541500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1110000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       261500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1437000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       131000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        131000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      3738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       978500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       379500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          6672500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      3738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       978500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       379500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         6672500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           57                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                6101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               85                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.018614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.006641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.002119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.029101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.008195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.882353                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.835294                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.757576                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.080000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.018614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.006446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.029101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.008621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.008410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.018614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.006446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.029101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.008621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.008410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128896.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 139785.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       132000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       130830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18678.571429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9357.142857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20239.436620                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         5000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5458.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5220                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128896.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 139785.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        94875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       132000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128317.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128896.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 139785.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        94875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       132000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128317.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   53                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        53                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           45                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            71                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      3419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       901500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1331000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5991500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2442000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       762000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       270500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       379500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3854000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       707500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       651500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1359000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       109000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       109000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      3419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       901500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       335500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1331000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6100500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      3419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       901500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       335500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1331000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6100500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  40624332386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  40640349908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  81264802294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   1917286498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   1917573994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        70500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3834950992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  42541618884                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  42557923902                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  85099753286                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.018614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.006641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.029101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.882353                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.835294                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.757576                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.080000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.018614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.006446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.029101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.008621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.008410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.018614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.006446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.029101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.008621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117896.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 128785.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       121000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       119830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54266.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54428.571429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54214.285714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54281.690141                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54423.076923                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54291.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54360                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117896.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 128785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        83875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       121000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117317.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117896.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 128785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        83875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       121000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117317.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       2475                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       677398                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.004141                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000090                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.027570                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         677387    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        677398                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31551                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.087097                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.577874                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.343926                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31538     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           13      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31551                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     4991986.779288                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1377633.987878                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        13611     99.97%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        4995631.027066      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                    680203                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    478009.548292                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   877176.449460                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06        13606     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            8      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       483623.716938      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  65850                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          677398                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11347.517412                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11345.495977                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        370.986032                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       677387    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           11      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            677398                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples          31539                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11534.493801                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11530.924281                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       289.893836                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30299     96.07%     96.07% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1240      3.93%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total            31539                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              677398                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           200977.050419                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          78189.864347                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows            677397    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             95000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          20933000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                677398                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             31551                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         4315391.429749                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        7322908.481206                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           31551    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          184000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       141928000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               31551                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                708949                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             192051.776644                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            51343.710673                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows              708948    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               95000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            21131000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  708949                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.050018                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.217991                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            12934     95.00%     95.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              681      5.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.002571                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.050639                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           13580     99.74%     99.74% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1              35      0.26%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            49.751230                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.870835                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-3                     3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-7                     7      0.05%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-11                    6      0.04%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-15                   2      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-19                   0      0.00%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-23                   3      0.02%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-27                  30      0.22%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-31                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-35                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-39                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-43                   7      0.05%      0.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::44-47                1969     14.46%     14.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-51                7794     57.25%     72.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::52-55                3794     27.87%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            2.317077                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           1.924271                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   3317     24.36%     24.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   2085     15.31%     39.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                   2223     16.33%     56.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                   2143     15.74%     71.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                   1771     13.01%     84.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                   1240      9.11%     93.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                    589      4.33%     98.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                    207      1.52%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                     40      0.29%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       676639                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.004145                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000090                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.028146                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         676628    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        676639                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        32313                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.096277                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.586312                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.285889                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         32300     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           13      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        32313                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     4986397.355858                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1261076.116350                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        13612     99.98%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        4990056.685363      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                    679444                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    497480.719794                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   961945.365190                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06        13603     99.91%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           11      0.08%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       497482.455797      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  67737                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          676639                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11347.793136                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11345.657317                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        409.831042                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383          676628    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           10      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            676639                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples          32300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11532.773994                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11529.229392                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       288.878953                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31055     96.15%     96.15% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1245      3.85%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total            32300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              676639                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           201222.637182                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          83309.431613                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows            676635    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             89000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          24908000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                676639                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             32313                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         4213180.391793                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        7118031.427541                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           32313    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          178000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       138736000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               32313                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                708952                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             192030.628308                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            43014.853677                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows              708948    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               89000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            14459000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  708952                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.055307                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.228586                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            12862     94.47%     94.47% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              753      5.53%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.002203                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.046891                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           13585     99.78%     99.78% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1              30      0.22%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            49.695336                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            2.873416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-3                     3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-7                     5      0.04%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-11                   10      0.07%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-15                   0      0.00%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-19                   0      0.00%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-23                   4      0.03%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-27                  29      0.21%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-31                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-35                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-39                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-43                   6      0.04%      0.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::44-47                2078     15.26%     15.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-51                7793     57.24%     72.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::52-55                3687     27.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            2.373191                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           1.933537                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   3194     23.46%     23.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   2042     15.00%     38.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                   2210     16.23%     54.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                   2188     16.07%     70.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                   1813     13.32%     84.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                   1269      9.32%     93.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                    644      4.73%     98.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                    218      1.60%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                     36      0.26%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       677124                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.004519                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000098                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.073478                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         677112    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           12      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        677124                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31831                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.120606                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.591878                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.691123                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31816     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           15      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31831                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     4988086.669115                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    834298.881987                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           48      0.35%      0.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06        13562     99.61%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        4995491.484916      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                    680184                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    491994.124128                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1222317.907303                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        13606     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            7      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       495749.195399      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  67501                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          677124                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11347.836733                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11345.459039                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        479.822965                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383          677112    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           10      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            677124                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples          31816                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11534.954111                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11531.376100                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       290.248964                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30534     95.97%     95.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1282      4.03%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total            31816                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              677124                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           201043.875272                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          77239.522552                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows            677124    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            124000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          20729000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                677124                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             31831                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         4277270.176872                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        7226177.538329                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           31831    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          171000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       140898000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               31831                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                708955                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             192017.311395                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            44282.555538                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows              708954    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               81000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            20297000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  708955                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.054646                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.227296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            12871     94.54%     94.54% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              744      5.46%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.003085                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.055458                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           13573     99.69%     99.69% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1              42      0.31%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            49.731032                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.882589                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-3                     3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-7                     5      0.04%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-11                    9      0.07%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-15                   1      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-19                   0      0.00%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-23                   4      0.03%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-27                  28      0.21%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-31                   1      0.01%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-35                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-39                   1      0.01%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-43                   7      0.05%      0.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::44-47                2013     14.79%     15.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-51                7733     56.80%     72.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::52-55                3810     27.98%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            2.337716                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           1.930046                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   3288     24.15%     24.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   2012     14.78%     38.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                   2305     16.93%     55.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                   2091     15.36%     71.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                   1836     13.49%     84.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                   1214      8.92%     93.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    610      4.48%     98.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                    213      1.56%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                     46      0.34%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       676974                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.006027                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000131                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.239679                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         676958    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        676974                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31979                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.067013                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.569769                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.116314                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31967     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           12      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31979                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     4994491.369813                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1304940.461742                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        13610     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        5001881.046552      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                    681054                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    479838.413515                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   904483.212302                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06        13608     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            5      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       485467.142192      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  66101                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          676974                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11348.423425                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11345.901955                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        450.149825                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       676958    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           15      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            676974                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples          31966                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11533.404242                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11529.863097                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       288.671935                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30721     96.11%     96.11% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1245      3.89%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total            31966                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              676974                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           201122.594073                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          81830.925603                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows            676973    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             94000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          24485000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                676974                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             31979                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         4257787.860784                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        7140706.040806                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           31979    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          146000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       125011000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               31979                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                708953                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             192057.580686                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            54119.575960                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows              708952    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               94000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            28184000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  708953                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.051267                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.220550                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            12917     94.87%     94.87% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              698      5.13%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.002424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.049174                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           13582     99.76%     99.76% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1              33      0.24%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            49.720162                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.868165                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-3                     3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-7                     4      0.03%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-11                   10      0.07%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-15                   1      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-19                   0      0.00%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-23                   4      0.03%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-27                  28      0.21%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-31                   1      0.01%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-35                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-39                   1      0.01%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-43                   5      0.04%      0.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::44-47                2047     15.03%     15.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-51                7811     57.37%     72.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::52-55                3700     27.18%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            2.348366                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           1.922295                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   3231     23.73%     23.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   2029     14.90%     38.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                   2279     16.74%     55.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                   2191     16.09%     71.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                   1758     12.91%     84.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                   1250      9.18%     93.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                    645      4.74%     98.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                    197      1.45%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                     34      0.25%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      2708136                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        1.004802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       1.000104                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       1.106588                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         2708085    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           51      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        2708136                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       127674                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       2.092744                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.581449                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      5.362832                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         127621     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           53      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total        127674                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      19960962.174073                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     3779489.906644                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        13608     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            13615                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         19983060.243897      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    2720885                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     1947322.805729                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    2479362.740733                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        13587     99.79%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           22      0.16%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           13615                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        1962322.510325      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  267189                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          2708135                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20009.353485                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20008.127379                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         409.388014                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      2708084    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           46      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            2708135                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples          127621                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20044.326561                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20043.335551                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        202.336002                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479       121448     95.16%     95.16% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         6173      4.84%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total            127621                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              2708136                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            50268.568491                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           36243.366733                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                145733      5.38%      5.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            137371      5.07%     10.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           126771      4.68%     15.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           129434      4.78%     19.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           134495      4.97%     24.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           137056      5.06%     29.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           144925      5.35%     35.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000           138671      5.12%     40.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000           133908      4.94%     45.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000           137492      5.08%     50.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000           134713      4.97%     55.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           139881      5.17%     60.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000           142512      5.26%     65.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           131440      4.85%     70.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           134450      4.96%     75.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           132954      4.91%     80.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           134310      4.96%     85.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           129774      4.79%     90.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           257872      9.52%     99.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000             160      0.01%     99.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows               4214      0.16%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           16006500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                2708136                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples             127674                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          1066462.827201                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         1807122.605375                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 469      0.37%      0.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             456      0.36%      0.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            431      0.34%      1.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            412      0.32%      1.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            485      0.38%      1.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            448      0.35%      2.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            469      0.37%      2.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            430      0.34%      2.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            419      0.33%      3.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            467      0.37%      3.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            405      0.32%      3.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            458      0.36%      4.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            434      0.34%      4.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            459      0.36%      4.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            481      0.38%      5.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            467      0.37%      5.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            455      0.36%      5.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            438      0.34%      6.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            410      0.32%      6.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         39395     30.86%     37.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            79786     62.49%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         21018000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total               127674                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                2835810                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              48014.350397                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             35580.110800                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                  159091      5.61%      5.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              150580      5.31%     10.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             139068      4.90%     15.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             141645      4.99%     20.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             147361      5.20%     26.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             149972      5.29%     31.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             158086      5.57%     36.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000             151673      5.35%     42.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000             146853      5.18%     47.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000             150568      5.31%     52.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000             147581      5.20%     57.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000             153041      5.40%     63.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000             155335      5.48%     68.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000             144158      5.08%     73.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000             147362      5.20%     79.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000             145464      5.13%     84.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000             146876      5.18%     89.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000             144176      5.08%     94.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000             152693      5.38%     99.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              1501      0.05%     99.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                 2726      0.10%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             21018000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  2835810                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.394271                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.558832                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              8747     64.25%     64.25% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              4368     32.08%     96.33% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               500      3.67%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         13615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.018509                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.135873                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            13365     98.16%     98.16% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1              248      1.82%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                2      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        13615                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            198.897833                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             8.723639                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-15                     3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-31                    6      0.04%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-47                    9      0.07%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-63                    0      0.00%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-79                    0      0.00%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-95                    6      0.04%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-111                  27      0.20%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-127                  0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-143                  0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-159                  1      0.01%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-175                  1      0.01%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::176-191                 73      0.54%      0.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-207              13313     97.78%     98.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::208-223                176      1.29%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-239                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::240-255                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-271                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::272-287                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-303                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::304-319                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             9.376350                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            2.337845                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                       2      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                       3      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                       0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                     185      1.36%      1.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                      43      0.32%      1.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                      33      0.24%      1.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                    2275     16.71%     18.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                     535      3.93%     22.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                     407      2.99%     25.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                    4599     33.78%     59.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                    927      6.81%     66.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                    440      3.23%     69.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                   3606     26.49%     95.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                    520      3.82%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                     25      0.18%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                     12      0.09%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               13615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    14570051                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        54                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5933638                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                14570105                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5933648                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         20503689                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             64                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     20503753                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    54454869                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                54454873                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         54454869                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     54454873                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       271983733                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   48513016                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     51377954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             49683743                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2910069                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1519206                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    49683743                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           77824558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          40695044                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           197665771                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           19081718                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20505824                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14570713                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5935111                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              335006.868092                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              271648726.131908                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.998768                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.001232                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          4470220                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 30873325     60.09%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1212      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14570713     28.36%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5935111     11.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  51380363                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           54519967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         34993.560334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        108911296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       108911296                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     54453311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54453311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     54453311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        54453311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     54453311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       54453311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     27021996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27021996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     27021996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     27021996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     27021996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     27021996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     54454869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54454869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     54454869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     54454869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     54454869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     54454869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17344.028241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17344.028241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17344.028241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17344.028241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17344.028241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17344.028241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     23902004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23902004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     23902004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23902004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     23902004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23902004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15341.465982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15341.465982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15341.465982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15341.465982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15341.465982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15341.465982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               158                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             1170                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.271889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           17941164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         15334.328205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   251.271889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.981531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         38174274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        38174274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     13212611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13212611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      5867450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5867450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          204                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1326                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1326                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     19080061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19080061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     19080265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19080265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          454                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          454                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          460                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          460                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         2228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         2228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     18534992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18534992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6493000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6493000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2244500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2244500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     13409500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     13409500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     25027992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     25027992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     25027992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     25027992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     13214232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13214232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      5868032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5868032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          229                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          229                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1786                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1786                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     19082264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19082264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     19082493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19082493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.109170                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.109170                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.253631                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.253631                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.257559                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.257559                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11434.294880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11434.294880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11156.357388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11156.357388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4943.832599                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4943.832599                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29151.086957                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29151.086957                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11360.867907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11360.867907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11233.389587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11233.389587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          430                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          460                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     15285008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15285008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5329000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5329000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       493500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       493500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       896000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       896000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12489500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12489500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     20614008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20614008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     21107508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21107508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  56874600514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56874600514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   2651828501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2651828501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  59526429015                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59526429015                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.109170                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109170                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.240223                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240223                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.257559                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257559                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9429.369525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9429.369525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9156.357388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9156.357388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        19740                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19740                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2083.720930                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2083.720930                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27151.086957                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27151.086957                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9357.243759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9357.243759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9473.746858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9473.746858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1511                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    14595391                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        53                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5959575                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                14595444                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5959586                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         20554966                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             64                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     20555030                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    54561094                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                54561098                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         54561094                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     54561098                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       272319107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   48617488                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     51482884                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             49777553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2911065                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1530090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    49777553                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           78003989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          40755252                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           198056166                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           19115386                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     20556679                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   14595906                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   5960773                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                  0.004000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              272319106.996000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          4482044                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 30926975     60.07%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    1199      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                14595906     28.35%     88.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                5960773     11.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  51484859                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           54167971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         38173.341085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        109123607                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       109123607                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     54559675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54559675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     54559675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        54559675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     54559675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       54559675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     21669493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21669493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     21669493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21669493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     21669493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21669493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     54561094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54561094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     54561094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     54561094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     54561094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     54561094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15270.960536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15270.960536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15270.960536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15270.960536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15270.960536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15270.960536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18824507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18824507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18824507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18824507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18824507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18824507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13266.037350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13266.037350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13266.037350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13266.037350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13266.037350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13266.037350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               156                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          247.332794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           17771328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         16577.731343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   247.332794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.966144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         38275671                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        38275671                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     13237516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13237516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      5893422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5893422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          128                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1337                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1337                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     19130938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        19130938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     19131066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       19131066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          446                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          446                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          460                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          460                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         2112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         2128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     16422991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16422991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4088000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4088000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1899500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1899500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13336500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     13336500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     20510991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     20510991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     20510991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     20510991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     13239102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13239102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      5893948                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5893948                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          144                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     19133050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19133050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     19133194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19133194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.247503                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.247503                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.255982                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.255982                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10354.975410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10354.975410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7771.863118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7771.863118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4258.968610                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4258.968610                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28992.391304                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28992.391304                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9711.643466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9711.643466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9638.623590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9638.623590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          432                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          460                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13242009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13242009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3036000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3036000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       116500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       116500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       924000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       924000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     12416500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12416500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     16278009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16278009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     16394509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16394509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  56897519524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56897519524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   2652214502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2652214502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  59549734026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59549734026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.239734                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239734                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.255982                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255982                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8349.312106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8349.312106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5771.863118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5771.863118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7281.250000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7281.250000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2138.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2138.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26992.391304                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26992.391304                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7707.390625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7707.390625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7704.186560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7704.186560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1557                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data          219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.855469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.855469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.609375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.609375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.609375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.699219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.699219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.699219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                        4876                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                       4028                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                    4876                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                   4028                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                             8904                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                         8904                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                       21518                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                   21518                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                            21518                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                        21518                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                      1999979363                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                      21368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                        24696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                22632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       1187                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts         2534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                       22632                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads              40498                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes             15587                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads               91189                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes               9202                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                         9586                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                       5021                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                      4565                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1999278404.475282                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              700958.524717                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000350                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999650                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                             3742                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                    15774     62.00%     62.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      75      0.29%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.02%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                    5021     19.74%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                   4565     17.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                     25441                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs              19864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            56.592593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            43387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           43387                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           21167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          21167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5218498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5218498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5218498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5218498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5218498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5218498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        21518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        21518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14867.515670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14867.515670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14867.515670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14867.515670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14867.515670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14867.515670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4514502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4514502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4514502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4514502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4514502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4514502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12861.829060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12861.829060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12861.829060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12861.829060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12861.829060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12861.829060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                16                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              107                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          203.240425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs               2000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.691589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   203.240425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.793908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.793908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            17927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           17927                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         4660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         3957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           48                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           48                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data         8617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total            8617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         8665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total           8665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1521499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1521499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       540500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       540500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        22000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        17000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        17000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2061999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2061999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2061999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2061999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         8751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         8801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.023470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.041667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13584.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13584.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 24568.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24568.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         8500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15388.052239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15388.052239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15161.757353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15161.757353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           30                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               30                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1296501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1296501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       496500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       496500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        22000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1793001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1793001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1815001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1815001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        89500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       121000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       121000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.023470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11575.901786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11575.901786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 22568.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22568.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        11000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         6500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13380.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13380.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13345.595588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13345.595588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                10                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.671875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.671875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.671875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        3261                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       2871                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    3263                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   2871                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             6132                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         6134                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       14473                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   14473                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            14473                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        14473                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       272319174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      14242                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        17223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                15821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1008                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1612                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       15821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              28487                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             11019                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               63117                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               6050                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         6554                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       3389                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      3165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              272233426.990758                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              85747.009242                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000315                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999685                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             2696                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    11076     62.55%     62.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      67      0.38%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.06%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    3389     19.14%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   3165     17.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     17707                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              378                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              31958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            84.544974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            29324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           29324                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        14095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          14095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        14095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           14095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        14095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          14095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7485498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7485498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7485498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7485498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7485498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7485498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        14473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        14473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        14473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        14473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        14473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.026118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.026118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.026118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 19802.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19802.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 19802.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19802.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 19802.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19802.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6727502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6727502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6727502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6727502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6727502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6727502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.026118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.026118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.026118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17797.624339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17797.624339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17797.624339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17797.624339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17797.624339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17797.624339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                46                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          233.223295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              11652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            88.272727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   233.223295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.911028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.911028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            12442                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           12442                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           60                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           60                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           63                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           63                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         5723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            5723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         5763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           5763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1027500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1027500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       316500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       316500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       202000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       202000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3420500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3420500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3420500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3420500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.051118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015027                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015027                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.136986                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.136986                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.035804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14956.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14956.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24464.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        21100                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21100                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        20200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        20200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16933.168317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16933.168317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15983.644860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15983.644860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       943500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       943500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       264500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       264500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        46000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        46000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       182000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       182000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3016500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3016500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       233000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       233000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.051118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.053333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.136986                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136986                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.035804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12956.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12956.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22464.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22464.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22041.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22041.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        11500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        18200                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18200                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14933.168317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14933.168317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15331.775701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15331.775701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                36                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 136159575500 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -45704736.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       45777312.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -402806632838.399902
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       405214163827.200012
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -30832560.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       30881520.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -271734633264.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       273358761312.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -173940748.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       174144422.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -325505763648.000061
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       327491300697.600037
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -78050304.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       78219509.760000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -8385860275.200001
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       8387348290.559999
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -25280804777103.371094
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       25355867176550.386719
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -25280804777103.371094
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       25355867176550.386719
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -7339813623812.158203
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       7361606033225.280273
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -9135671229737.279297
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       9168189076033.917969
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -81609545376432.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       81851856526128.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -80034231687024.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       80267134558752.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.13616
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       2816601377.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       2178553208.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       2271846838.338132
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       99499749.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       668319673.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       128.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       8958702.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       150549387.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       29175029.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       301694826.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       11903614.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       90382168.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       97166114.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       818866364.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       155897532.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       1194016205.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       81476902.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       478432335.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       128.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       5823329.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       1348.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       99499749.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       668319673.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       128.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       109051962.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       8.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       109051954.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       3706.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       26461236.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       11768754.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       41073821.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       130.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       3479.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       1172.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       11355743
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       50.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       3979425.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       53.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       6472.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       119.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       3980706.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       349.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       340.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       320.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       2708135.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       127621.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       704020.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       730344.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       715738.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       720286.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       707464.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       696696.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       698622.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       698242.000000
